hodgson or redknapp? hardly matters because england always lose. redknapp talk distracted spurs; hope hodgson talk will distract wba may 13.
i hope dravid plays ipl6. abhi na jaao chhod kar ke dil abhi bharaa nahin ...
best ipl5 eco rates with 8+ wickets: malinga (5.2); narine (5.5); dinda (5.9); chawla, steyn, nadeem (6.3); morkel, murali (7.0)
best ipl5 strike rates with 200+ aggregates: abdev (161), vs (159), kp (157), smith (157), gayle (151), gg (150), shah (147), rahane (141).
doesn't anyone at rcb know how to divide and subtract? their nrr is going to plummet!
newcastle fatally hurt by today's loss. most likely epl end places: 1. manutd | 2. mancity | 3. arsenal | 4. spurs | 5. chelsea.
pulse rate rising. this evening's stoke game is really important for arsenal's cl qualification prospects.
i've always been puzzled by the massive saturday afternoon traffic in bangalore. can't think of any logical reason.
test-odi-t20 like novel-blog-tweet?
if barca win nothing this year you must wonder if fabregas jinxes ... instead of being jinxed.
curious as it may seem, it may be easier for chelsea to qualify for the next cl by winning this cl instead of trying to be fourth in epl!
if chelsea get greedy they'll win nothing. if they plan carefully they might win something.
arsenal: with good gd, need 3/3 wins to be third; 2/3 wins to be fourth. newcastle: good form but bad draw. spurs: good draw but bad form.
i still remember the thunderous standing ovation when a p j abdul kalam entered my lab in 1989 to deliver his lecture on the 'agni mission'.
i must confess that i felt pretty good after rahul dravid's team defeated rcb last night.
if kkr players continue to play so badly their photos might just start showing up one by one on bob biswas's cellphone.
if wi put together their best team, they will seriously trouble england. how many narine balls can strauss, cook, trott and bell survive?
a winning goal by tevez against manutd would get the red devils really hot under the collar.
three goals in quick succession! the liverpool goal will please jakesprime. the mancity goals please me ... i don't need to tell why.
has the manutd horse suddenly lost the scent of its stable? or does it think it is already there? 
was vs sending msd another message last night: &quot;we don't wait till the last over to finish off matches&quot;? his mate gg will approve.
but let me sign off by congratulating manutd. they are a great and disciplined team.
when arsenal win 1-0 it's supposed to be 2-0 or 3-0. when manutd win 3-0 or 2-0 it's supposed to be 1-0, if at all.
beating mancity is a relief. beating manunited will be unmitigated joy. will happen one day in 2012.
are epl referees and linesmen really so incompetent? if yes, how come most of their 'lapses' favour the big home team?
jadeja proves again that he is a very good player against a very bad team ... but a very bad player against a very good team.
instead of buying good players, deccan chargers sold all its good players. the franchise has been very unfair to the fan.
tomorrow we'll be on the same side as manutd. it won't be a happy cohabitation, but we'll survive.
looks as though offside was the right side for chelsea today!
if england win this test ... and they might ... they will continue to be the #1 test team, ahead of sa at the first decimal point.
oh bad! i was hoping sangakkara would score a century today. i want a draw here so that sl win series and eng are denied more ranking points
after 11 overs, mi were 84/2 needing just 29. scored 3,5,4,4,4 in the next 5 overs. good bowling, tough pitch, or waiting for timeout ads?
q: how many dollars did rcb pay chris gayle in ipl4 for every run scored? a: $240. for more q&amp;a go to 
the real truth is that most other teams too are suspicious of drs. but you can't be seen to agree with india, can you? 
so did england think they'd win this test? not with mahela and other good jayawardene's around!
 i too want adebayor to stay with the spurs. when you really need a goal he'll shoot wide ... or be offside.
manutd or mancity? most reluctantly i'd say manutd ... but only after they quiver with tension, and shiver in panic and fright.
why were so many arsenal players  slipping and falling? this defeat doesn't hurt too much, but the next one will make things tricky!
as jonnodixon rahulov point out i got my icc ranking cut-off date tweet completely wrong. nothing's changed! i'm sorry for the confusion.
jonnodixon with aug 1 cut-off, 3 home eng test wins in may-jul 2011 would've had diminished weight, and sa would've been #1 on apr 1.
anyone knows how much pune warriors paying michael clarke? need this data for our ipl5 paisa vasool analysis.
&quot;in asia (eng) remain a very poor batting team&quot;. so do they bowl well? and will they not be poor in sa or aus next? 
the icc team ranking date change allowed eng to claim the annual $175,000 prize. after losing first test to sl, eng are set to lose #1 spot.
has anybody noticed how icc quietly changed the team ranking cut-off date from aug 1 to apr 1 this year? silent mischief as usual!
who says only india knows how to lose four tests in a row? soon icc's #1 test team will also attain this hallowed glory.
the way we've handled the puc exam paper leaks in karnataka is a shame. and the bigger shame is that no one feels ashamed of this shame.
finally nasri showed some gratitude to arsenal; but removing and flinging that jersey was unnecesary. his team didn't won the natwest series
poor manutd supporters! mancity moving from 0-1 to 2-1 must have erased their smug smiles in a hurry. as for me, i can't stop smiling.
almost the perfect epl night for arsenal! happy i stayed awake. it would have been perfect if spurs hadn't equalized.
i know of at least two good reasons why india should vote against sri lanka at the un.
i have no reasons to believe that this match is fixed. but the between-over time (to accommodate ads) is almost certainly fixed.
so how ... please do tell me how ... england are higher than sa in the official icc test rankings?
i just saw the cl qf draw: ac milan vs barcelona! so even if we had won, we might have run into an ignominious hat-trick!
someone must educate me. if you get booted out of cl, you go to the europa league. but if you get thrown out again where do you go?
why hasn't the times discovered that the epl is 'fixed'? the ball enters the goalpost but the referee refuses to see it. at what price?
&quot;in 2009 his old, faded india cap was stolen. he was very, very upset. it was dear to him; he was extremely proud to wear it.&quot; guess who?
the icc ranking cut-off date used to be aug 1. now it's apparently apr 1. who benefits? of course england!
i don't know why ... but i feel good that manutd are back on top. mancity full of 'traitors' from arsenal!
suddenly everyone wants to write a rahul dravid tribute.
time to retire as a cricket fan? i admired pataudi, prasanna; then gavaskar, kapil; then dravid, kumble. now just one man is holding me back
the most valuable players of the cb series. 
suppose dravid actually intended to say that he will retire on jan 11, 2013?
failing to reach the champions league qf is sad, but failing to reach the europa league qf would be sadder. do my manutd friends agree?
in our days borg's feat of winning 5 consecutive wimbledon titles was  called 'awesome'; now rjs call every himesh reshammiya song awesome.
if sl can smash aus to pulp, why can't arsenal blow the ac milan challenge to smithereens?
tremendously proud of my friend rajeeva karandikar who called the up poll results with embarrassing precision. #yogendrayadav
yogendrayadav
what can whatmore do better than mohsin khan? he can't even act in a hindi movie. 
manutd a trifle lucky but who cares. when adebayor isn't offside he's usually doing something silly like this! we know him well.
could david warner get a double century today? i hope not. on second thoughts ... why not?
i hope manutd give spurs another royal thrashing tomorrow.
getting greedy ... could we end up third?
also read of sachin's wink and smile as he told andrew leipus about the true value of his knee. 
 this sort of stuff will happen in cricket too if there is so much more butter on the ipl or big bash side of the toast.
so how does one decide on a bonus point if rains intervenes and d/l comes into play?
let the carling cup final go on and on. a tired liverpool will help when arsenal travel next to anfield.
i'm glad they are devaluing net run rates (nrr). nrr get messed up if d/l is applied; and the current nrr-d/l work-around is unsatisfactory.
if ind beat sl with bonus pt, and aus beat sl, then both ind and sl have 15 pts. but india'll qualify because they'll have two wins over sl.
which is the quickest way to reach mumbai or delhi from hobart? we want to return fast for ipl: no rotation, no waiting till 50th over!
bonus points for sl and aus have made it very hard for us. we almost surely need to win both ... because we've lost big and won small.
completely agree with jeh about mankading: no warnings needed, but if bowler does a wrong mankad declare it a no ball. 
portents not favourable. india women lose, newcastle ahead and chelsea seem to have their match wrapped up.
i am always suspicious when old markets in the heart of a city suddenly catch fire.
tough sunday. india must defeat australia. arsenal must defeat spurs. my big fear is that neither might happen.
i don't mind arshavin leaving. what bothers me is that no one is coming in instead.
the new 'open' option doesn't worksupport
so which ipl franchise is going to buy richard levi now?
poor dhoni! icc's umpires never seem to give 5-ball overs when his team is bowling.
so another dream vanishes into thin air. why do we even dream? arsenal supporters aren't supposed to dream!
i see more silverware on the manutd mantelpiece. as for us, we might not even need a mantelpiece soon. we live in cruel times.
this is funny.  so we now need drs so that umpires can correctly count 1,2,3 ...up to 6!
4-0 disaster! could this be our penultimate match for some time in the cl? got to take this bravely. wish manutd better luck in baby league.
why not also rotate army chiefs? or bcci presidents? ah, that's something that'll never happen!
too much fuss about not shaking hands. let's get on with the game.
so why aren't we rotating opening bowlers too? why don't we bring in irfan pathan for vinay kumar?
wonderful that the statue can come alive, enter emirates or any other football stadium, score a goal at will, and freeze again with majesty.
strongly supporting manutd. this is painful, but got to do it.
what if starc had bowled a no-ball? i don't think anybody even bothered to check.
if ipl auctions can be rigged why not ipl matches?
of course nothing much will change in english football ... they'll continue to win nothing as usual ... 1966 was the last hurrah.
my crooked reasoning: capello exit welcome if: redknapp comes in ... that upsets spurs performance ... that helps arsenal stay in top four.
when ajmal can spin the ball so well why does he need to talk?
my naive observation: they eat many more eggs in kolkata than in bangalore.
grateful to manutd for restricting chelsea to just one point ... but that second penalty ... what was that? ... no, i'm saying nothing!
in all this ajmal-rehman talk, let us not forget umar gul.
even after being ground to dust, england (118) are still #1. but not for long. south africa (117) will soon overtake them.
i'm sure others too have noticed how jadeja timed his best performance on the eve of the ipl auction! today's match wasn't that important?
and on a rare saturday evening when i'm not free arsenal net 7 goals! but good to get those 3 points. now hoping manutd will crush chelsea.
on those sort of pitches younis khan can go on and on. england of course can go nowhere.
can we now conclude that graeme peter swann is a rather ordinary spinner?
another very normal day in the ing arena: india again lose a cricket match, and arsenal again fail to win.
mancity loss or manutd win changes nothing for us. but the liverpool and spurs wins are quite a bother.
we aren't so bad? two all! one more goal and we'll go where manutd can't go!
oh dear, 2-0 now! this is so unfunny. can't understand why so many of my manutd friends are going ha ha.
no justice in this world. india lose 4-0, nadal goes down and now arsenal trail at home!
on cricinfo: &quot;england beaten, but not in ruins ...the challenge starts now&quot; who's kidding whom? it was a complete rout! 
i can't understand why they are doing this to madhavan nair. he led india's space programme with distinction.
just checking icc's test ranking predictor. another loss to pakistan and defeats in sl should topple england off the pedestal.
manutd in cl? no! manutd in carling cup? no!! manutd in fa cup? no!!! i guess it's going to be hard to find the red devils this season.
good show liverpool ... but would have liked it more if you had won a replay instead.
i am worried for pietersen. he's batting so badly and there's no ind-eng test series in the near future.
that's what happens when icc names you #1 in test cricket. your batsmen forget how to bat.
waiting for the first england wicket to fall ... and i hope it's cook because the captain never survives too long anyway.
with india losing horribly can only get vicarious pleasure seeing eng and aus lose too! note that eng tour sl soon. hope eng lose there too.
i was hoping our bowlers could let haddin get a 50 so that he confirmed his berth to wi. would've made an aussie loss there more likely!
mancity out of cl, fa and league cup... but could win epl. arsenal still in cl, fa cup and epl ... but will win nothing.
shaun marsh appears to have impeccable credentials to join the indian batting line-up.
sidvee what 'end' are you talking of? end of test cricket? should happen by 2020 with the ashes staying as a reminder of what used to be.
so why no follow on? i guess they wanted to make sure test match would enter fifth day.
i can understand bronze statues for bradman, lillee and warne. but why darren lehmann? 
gavaskar was once a great, great batsman. we bid him farewell; or rather he bid us farewell. we coped then. we'll have to cope again now.
this isn't about lack of ability or form. it's about complete mental disintegration. it's like watching a great mind ravaged by alzheimer's.
not a good match, but manutd deserved to win more. and wenger should try to be ox-headed instead of being pig-headed.
0-1. not looking good at the emirates. we're being outplayed! at this stage i'll happily accept a draw.
i want one manchester team to win today ... easy to guess which one!
it appears that the world's no.1 test team can face neither pace nor spin.
england's &quot;very good player of spin&quot; gone! but he's playing a team with the world's best spinners.
&quot;no.1 in test cricket&quot;. oh really?
what if bcci decides that india won't play test cricket? seems an outrageous thought today, but could happen in 2020.
shyam__bala ... and one bad decision to bat first at sydney. clarke said today that he's have fielded at sydney if he'd won the toss.
i'm perplexed. why is dhoni giving up so easily? or has he decided that there's no real glory or money for him to earn in test cricket?
how does asha parekh pop up in every other song on mastiii and b4u music? she wasn't very talented or beautiful .. just had great work ethic
if spurs keep winning, only one of chelsea, arsenal and liverpool will go through to cl. looking pretty grim for the gunners at the moment.
would test cricket be alive and kicking in 2020? the ashes would probably keep it alive, but it won't be kicking if india play so poorly.
what's the chance that the throw-ink-at-baba-ramdev event was 'fixed'?
such a serene and joyful saturday morning ... because i'm not switching on my tv to watch the cricket.
i'm missing bhajji in australia. at least he'd have lost his cool, uttered some m words, shown some anger, and perhaps even taken a wicket.
if dhoni is sacked as test captain, who could replace him? zaheer khan? gautam gambhir? or bhajji?
are we so bad? are the australians so good? certainly the former is true.
any idea how much big bash players earn? for example, is the average half of the ipl average? or a third?
painting your old car so that it appeared 'new' was such a thrill a few decades ago. simple joys of life possibly gone forever.
i think retired test cricketers should shut up. most of them aren't too smart and didn't do such a good job themselves in their playing days
i think i get the equation: 10-player mancity equals 11-player manutd.
can't wait for mancity v manutd. i pray that manutd lose 4-1 this time, instead of 6-1.
i saw more of the hero logo on sehwag's bat than strokes off it.
manutd always knew how to win. finally they are also learning how to lose.
not a soul watching tv in our office complex! trps must have crashed. surely bcci can't allow this to go on?
switched off tv after sachin dismissal. did they show any replay to confirm that it wasn't a no ball?
two bad ideas: staying up late for fulham-arsenal, and waking up early to see india bat.
happy birthday, saf!
i can understood how tense manutd fans must be right now. if it makes them feel better, arsenal too lost 4-3 to rovers.
i'm now waiting for ed cowan to grumble about icc's lbw rule.
arsenal know how to concede a goal, indians know how to concede a 50+ lead. not a good morning to wake up to.
chelsea draw is good news. a liverpool draw would be even better news. great show by manutd too! hope they win epl and europe's baby league.
not sure who won the first day's play. drs?
senantix says it is a moronic myth that a sachin century means an indian defeat. 
arsenal would've been happy to have adebayor, gallas and clichy now. but we let them all go.
when i was at mcg last year. 
so arsenal back to #5 or #6. kind of expected to lose away to mancity, but spurs and liverpool winning was rather disappointing.
after being booted out of the front door are we looking anxiously to see if the back door opens?
why is the sl team falling apart so badly? fatigue? missing sangakkara's captaincy? it is actually a good-enough team on paper.
it'll be easier to win a qf at this year's cl! instead of ac milan i wish arsenal had been drawn to play a weak team like ... basel!
a spurs defeat tonight would be convenient. and tomorrow chelsea and mancity can battle for a memorable draw.
we know what it is to exit early from the cl. but so early? and to basel instead of barcelona?
we at arsenal don't even bother to look at the europa league draws. small fry playing against other small fry.
if i had my way i'd like mancity to lose their cl match today but win their fa cup match on jan 8.
a serious concern is how badly arsenal's second eleven plays. and if something were to happen to our only striker and only goalkeeper ...
arsenal winning 3-0! but so did chelsea, and so are mancity and spurs. so sadly nothing much changes.
icc odi ratings: aus 130, ind 119. puzzling! losing one series badly to england seems to matter more than handsomely winning icc world cup.
two pakistani umpires together at the gabba. we've never had two indian 'neutral' umpires do this in test cricket.
manutd out of carling cup! so looks as though they won't even win the little silverware this year
why is every reference to dhanush who sang kolaveri di preceded by &quot;rajinikanth's son-in-law&quot;?
will indian interest in test cricket die completely after sachin gets 100th 100?
even if sachin gets out in the 90s again he would be setting a new world record: most 90s (11) in test cricket!
puzzled why varun aaron is in so many 'probable teams' to australia. 
such a fuss about pat cummins! why?
finally arsenal have found their true successor to thierry henry: robin van persie!
which is the epl team looking the best in the champions league? just asking.
all that money still can't buy mancity an easy cl berth!
are we going to choke again today?
update from manchester: the stronger team won strong, the weaker team won weak.
i feel good, but will feel better when we win without a robin van persie goal.
aaruc england's 4-0 home win was more because of adroit planning than pure cricketing skill. see how cook flopped here and bell didn't toll
our bowling attack is suddenly looking good! would've been happier if england had been 130/9 instead.
i am waiting for england to claim they're #1 in football too. didn't they just beat spain?
is dhoni the best #7 batsman in test cricket? england will say they are #1, so *their* prior is a better choice etc. actually sa are real #1
he ended perhaps his last article by saying: &quot;mind you, a lot can happen in a week&quot;. 
lots of cape town ifs. if watson had asked for a review ..? so why didn't he? because only two referrals are allowed. but why only two?
still a puzzle how a pitch can behave so badly on day 2 and recover so well on day 3.
it is tragic and deeply distressing but i can't understand why so many infants seem to be dying only in wb. selective news dissemination?
just wondering what some people might have said if pakistan had been 21 for 9.
as many guessed 19,13,13,13,9,9,9,11,15,11,17,13,11,8,11 is the number of tests srt took to score every 1000 of his 15000 test runs
my friend arunabha asks: what does this series tell us?19,13,13,13,9,9,9,11,15,11,17,13,11,8,11
in 80 min we score 3 goals. the weaker team from manchester struggles to score 1 goal, and there's eerie goalless silence at anfield.
actually a less stupid question would be: will mahela get to 10,000 first in tests or odis? 
who'll be the first sri lankan to get to 10,000 test runs? mahela or sanga?  
something on the stamford bridge turf? how can terry stumble at high noon? even walcott stumbled, but he got up to score a lovely goal.
interesting carling cup draw: chelsea v liverpool; arsenal v mancity. manutd's luck with draw continues; a semi-final entry seems assured.
so manutd can still play 90 minutes without conceding a goal.
i'm trying to figure out what's worse: beating arsenal 8-2 at home or being walloped 6-1 in your own backyard. let manutd fans answer this!
do you think manutd could lose 8-0 at home? 3-0 so far.
now that van persie is in let's await the winning goal.
just to publicly declare that i'm withdrawing my temporary support to manutd. they can't become #1 if they get walloped like that at home.
when we win 'difficult' away games, i begin to worry. is this a real turnaround or will this turnaround again turn around?
missing those amazing fabregas passes. in the past we created chances but couldn't score. now not even creating enough chances. worried!
i will be cheering for manutd this evening. let them be first; we don't want liverpool at fourth.
already getting tense. what if we lose to sunderland at home on sunday?
shoaib calls srt a darpok; now chetan bhagat in spat with nrn over iit ... the things we do to sell a book!
arunabha sengupta on &quot;why do people criticize sachin?&quot;. great arguments using probability theory, cognitive psychology. 
we're still higher than wigan and west brom!
chelsea already up by 4 goals in less than 30 minutes. i hope they win by more than 8 goals today. would make me feel better.
shoaib's book apparently makes unfair comments on both dravid and srt. so why this clamour to apologize only to srt? why apologize at all?
the times view seems even more jaundiced than usual today.
oh the comfort of a 3-0 lead! now getting greedy. could wolves or wigan score in the next few minutes so that liverpool and spurs draw?
now hold on to the lead! not a good day to lose points with mancity, liverpool, chelsea and spurs in for 3 pts. manutd? they always get 3!
so well done spurs (spurs 4, liverpool 0), and very well done fulham (fulham 2, city 2)!
i find it kind of awkward saying this .. but i'm supporting manutd tonight. we're not fighting for top place, we want to be third or fourth!
bring back gallas and toure! so painful to be an arsenal supporter these days.
team needed momentum so he went for it. doesn't matter if it's his last odi, doesn't matter that 100 was easy. the team always comes first.
a heart-warming example of public-private partnership in small aircraft development. 
finally heard from jayadevan ... the vjd par score was 272. so india would've won by 2 runs had england been 270/8.
that's why the fact that bopara failed to score runs off ball 48,5 mattered more than his wicket loss. he should just have taken a single.
even after two wickets fell, the d/l par score only rose negligibly. towards the end 'balls remaining' matter much more than 'wickets lost'.
so was d/l scrupulously fair last night? it did reasonably well, but didn't  factor in the powerplay effect. because it can't!
i just sent jayadevan a mail to ask what would the vjd par score have been last night.
manutd 5, bolton 0. quite happy with this result. when the flame burns too brightly, you are eventually left with a bigger heap of ashes.
strange to see crouch playing against liverpool. but come on stoke! hold on to that lead for 20 min.
chasing neville cardus. a wonderful narrative by arunabha sengupta. 
i can understand india losing in england, but why is sl losing at home with a full test squad? blame it on ipl? no, blame it on murali.
when a third umpire reverses a decision under drs he must explain what he saw or heard that the field umpire didn't. something wrong here!
so would it now be correct to say that gavaskar called england players bulldogs? 
what would a cricketer like better: being called a donkey or a monkey?
now we know why arsenal lost: indian cricketers carried their bad luck to old trafford. blame dr dhoni and his men.
i'm waiting for the day when the times of india will again be delivered with a normal front page.
has the lord's curse befallen on our team? or is it just arsene's curse?
delighted with manutd performance ... because the higher they climb, the steeper their fall will be.
&quot;india have become a laughing stock&quot;; &quot;india sneak five-run win&quot;. obviously cricinfo doesn't rate india highly.
would i want to be remembered just for the trophies my team won? would i enjoy holding a trophy that i really didn't help win? ask cesc.
for barca fabregas comes on in the 79th minute. for arsenal he might have gone off on the 79th. why play less when you can play more?
tricky cl draw for arsenal, intriguing for mancity and easy for manutd. why do the gods love manutd so much?
i'm encouraged by manutd's early wins. they start slow and win at the finish. if they start so well ... in the end hawa zaroor utar jayegi!
finally some good news from italy! now i want arsenal to win away at old trafford ... actually even a draw will do fine to dent manutd egos.
jittery about tonight's crucial arsenal cl away game. we must somehow get that first goal!
let's have full-blown drs. these half measures are getting us nowhere! drs may be unreliable, but umpires are even more unreliable.
it's test cricket, he's a test opener ... but did anderson have to direct those vicious bouncers at an injured gambhir's head? just asking.
i hope arsenal qualify for cl and i hope india thump england 5-0 in the odi series.  and i hope my hopes come true (usually they don't).
does mancity really need samir nasri?
an ill-prepared indian team is getting mauled. i find that sad, not laughable. 
a miserable start for arsenal may be better than a miserable end like last year. but i just hope the whole year isn't miserable.
wonder how manutd fans will react to arsenal v liverpool today? hope they want a liverpool win; hope they don't say je m'en fous.
jab dil hi toot gaya. hum khel ke kya karenge? 
i was pretty relieved yesterday's play got rained off. i'm not really in a mood to see another cook century.
does anybody find it strange that india will be #3 in icc odi rankings if sl beat aus in next odi? but we won the 2011 wc just 4 months ago!
now we know why defeating australia in the 'qf' was the big step in winning the 2011 wc.
chelsea, liverpool and arsenal have all drawn their first epl match. now manutd's turn to draw! of course manutd could also lose ...
i don't think england is that good. i don't think india is that bad. i consider south africa to be the real champs.
good, very good. we are getting a good warm-up game before the odi series starts.
i just hope we don't end saturday with india losing to england *and* arsenal losing to newcastle. could happen ... it's that sort of a day.
i was about to say srt just has 2 more chances to hit 100 100s while in england. actually he has 7 more chances.
ok we soon won't be #1 in the icc test ranking. we don't deserve to be. but is the icc ranking itself #1 in the class of all rankings? nope!
but i'm sure about one thing: no one in this 2011 team will be accused of stealing socks from the london supermarket (if there are any left)
i always thought that 1974 was the worst indian team to travel to england (remember &quot;42 all out&quot;?). now i'm not so sure.
let nasri and fabregas go. they're injury-prone anyway. let's get some tall, tough players instead. what fun if we win the cl after they go!
i sometimes think it is harder to get out of the indian team than get in. why are sreesanth, raina still in? why was bhajji in for so long?
when is the next home test series? everyone's batting average is dropping alarmingly.
manutd 2, mancity 2. i should have kept quiet!
perhaps arsenal won't be the season's only loser. manutd looking a loser too! vicarious delight as in this mukesh song: 
i'm worried about arsenal's prospects; i'm worried that wenger has lost the plot. why didn't he retire like dravid?
could anil kumble have made a difference in the first two tests? definitely yes.
so many arsenal injuries in these pre-epl friendlies. we're start our season on the back foot. like our cricketers playing tests after ipl.
not a single umpire review in england's innings. clearly drs is mostly about lbws.
it's amazing how much the tail can wag when a test match becomes 'safe'.
when sachin gets 100 i stand up and go &quot;yes!&quot;. when rahul gets 100 i sit down and wait for the warmth to engulf the cockles of my heart.
why is this uk scam evoking such interest on indian tv channels? vicarious 'they-are-like-us-only' pleasure?
my review of the new book by duckworth and lewis. 
i look forward to the day when i can open a letter sent by courier without being bothered by the many stapler pins.
back in 1997, india couldn't even chase a victory target of 120 against wi. that match still gives me the shivers. 
why am i seeing lokayukta santosh hegde's photo in the bangalore papers every other day, nattily dressed and smiling at young college girls?
d/l say: &quot;bhogle marginally in favour of jayadevan perhaps out of loyalty to his countryman and maybe also to his home website readership.&quot;
read the d-l book last night. endearing tale of two honest professors who never expected such overwhelming success. 
cricketers should only play cricket. 
instead of: &quot;most athletes are clean, only some take dope&quot;, we must now say: &quot;most athletes take dope, only some are clean.&quot; sad. very true.
read in today's nie: &quot;we cut down trees to widen roads ... and then they start parking cars and trucks on the widened part.&quot; true. very sad.
cesc: &quot;sit on the nou camp bench if that's what you want&quot;. samir: &quot;realize you're not the manutd type.&quot; but why are you going, gael?
jaisimha figures in 'rohan jaivishwa gavaskar' and gavaskar supports arsenal because he thinks arsene wenger looks like his idol jaisimha.
jaisimha had that aura and that cricketing intelligence. he could bowl killer spinners ... and play the most gorgeous straight drive.
you could consider shivlal yadav, venkatapathy raju, abid ali or even pataudi (although he wasn't a local) but my vote is for m l jaisimha.
laxman is now hyderabad's best test cricketer. azhar is without a doubt the second best. but who might be third best? 
i can't decide who is the better batsman: jayawardene or sangakkara? if asked, i'd vote for jayawardene.
daryl harper performed poorly in the world cup too. it was time to go. 
searching for an alternative to d/l, simon fraser univ. team finds that t20 is a different sort of animal. 
in feb. 2011 drs was still udrs, and india still hadn't won the world cup. 
jayadevan writes from hk: &quot;presentation over. they say d/l have rectified all anomalies in wincoda 3.0; will compare that with my system.&quot;
do we &quot;don't want harper&quot; or &quot;don't want drs&quot;? we can't don't want both.
here's my last d/l vs vjd article. this time written in a more informal style. 
we don't respect dravid enough. he's almost as good as tendulkar and india's third best batsman of all time.
apparently raina wasn't out. this is the price we pay for not accepting drs.
exit d/l, enter vjd? i sincerely hope so. 
andre russell could be a fine prospect for west indies. 
bcci should tell icc: &quot;we accept drs if you accept jayadevan's vjd method.&quot;
the real drs concern is that tomorrow's umpires will become like today's doctors: can't decide anything without seeing scans and imagery.
drs must be adopted, and used as often as required. 5 years later we are all going to be embarrassed (and amused) by this silly controversy.
my brief blog on the jayadevan vs d/l question. icc reviews the jayadevan method on june 27. 
gcabhijeet wi rate very low in icc odi rankings (71). even if we win last two, we stay at 122 (aus 129). if we lose two, we drop to 119.
pakistan went up 3-0 too against wi, but then lost the last two. let's see if india can win 5-0.
crystalunicorn i'm hoping to update my d/l vs vjd comparison soon. i do think it's time to give jayadevan's method a chance.
jayadevan flying to hong kong on june 27 to participate in icc's d/l vs vjd test. it'll be a tough contest. 
i don't mind losing fabregas; his eyes had that glazed look after gazing too intently at barca. but nasri? and to manutd? most unkindest cut
so many glowing tributes to m f husain! couldn't we have written them just a day before he died so that he could've read all of them?
1971 wi series wasn't just about gavaskar; it was also about sardesai. it wasn't just about sobers; also about c davis. 
tough to pick the man of the match at port of spain. badrinath? pathan? i'm guessing it will be harbhajan singh.
desi_gooner we were on the same side! i was trying to make the point that, just as in football, cricket too must accept club over country.
my private thought: our cricketers covet the india cap more because it makes them eligible for ipl auctions ... and earn ten times more!
aaruc in the 'official' jargon, hindi is the 'raj bhasha', not 'rashtra bhasha'.
forget song and cameroon. when van persie plays for netherlands,  arsenal screams: &quot;we pay him, his first loyalty has to be to us!&quot;
just read that alex song can't play for cameroon because he picked up an injury playing for arsenal. club first, country maybe second?
this talk of sending second xi reminds me: till mid-1970s, england (called mcc those days) never sent their best team to tour india.
so how interesting has the eng-sl test been? how many people watched it? i spotted only one umbrella on cricinfo. so is test cricket dying?
riteshpadhalni valthaty would be near top of overall pvi list. this list looks at players paid over $400,000. valthaty's pvi is just 73!
among ipl4's players priced above $400,000 who were paisa vasool, and who were not? 
done, dusted ... demolished!
anderson injured? how? he didn't even play the ipl.
cinque08: kkr-arsenal; mi-liverpool; rcb-chelsea; csk-manutd. like manutd, csk always sneak win. but not today even with aaruc's support!
 oh, so rooney is 'mature' now? wasn't he the kid who almost left manutd early this season?
i want barca to thump, torpedo and sink manutd 3-0. manutd may be good enough in england ... but in europe? no way!
why do deaths in an air crash sadden our media more than deaths in a jeep crash ... even when the fatality count is the same?
i had written that kkr in ipl are like arsenal in epl. we always find a balaji or eboue who make sure that we come last in the last lap.
atul jain listed in b/oss list of 25 most influential people in telecom software. 
after the ipl league phase we identify the four best players of each franchise. 
we started this season thinking that we were competing with manutd. now we can't even compete with mancity. sad. very sad.
lucky morgan! but feel really sorry for bopara. poor chap could neither have his cake, nor eat it. because his name was ravi and not eoin?
doha airport's terminal is more chaotic than bangalore's old airport. can't see a football world cup happening there is 2022.
wenger to vote for saf as the 'manager of the year'. just voting may not be enough; he must also learn a few things from the crafty old man.
who has hit the most 6s in ipl? gayle, of course. but who has hit the most 4s? harder to guess, but it's paul valthaty.
seeing ipl matches in usa. no ads ... and no arun lal in the studio.
gayle has been phenomenally valuable to rcb. 
down 2-0 with 20 minutes to go. that too in a home game! when arsenal are good they're very good, but when they're bad they're horrid!
chinks in the ipl armour? 
gayle or pollard? gayle has hit 26 sixes in ipl while pollard has hit just 4. wonder why pollard too can't open. 
sadly a nice dev anand musical called ishq ishq ishq too was a big flop. it had splendid music by r d burman.
why do new hindi films always spell love as 'luv'? can't blame producers. an aamir film love, love, love flopped three times over.
i have often wondered what would happen if alex ferguson and arsene wenger switch roles.
time for some grace now. i have to admit that manutd richly deserve the pl crown. they are a fine team who know the art of winning.
i'd have loved to celebrate an arsenal title win; now all i can celebrate is a manutd title defeat. allons-y didier!
so we're going to lose again today! the longer the pl goes on, the worse it gets for arsenal. the exact opposite is true for manutd.
does anyone else feel that saba karim is beginning to look like pervez musharraf?
i don't like saying this ... but i fear it is time for adam gilchrist to join his mate shane warne and quit serious cricket.
sehwag is ipl4's mvp after the thursday night blitzkrieg. 
&quot;ash eyes a comeback&quot;.  i am sorry there can be only one ash.
vasan left hyd to do his ms in usa and is now a successful entrepreneur in la. &quot;i have to thank that umpire. he helped me chuck cricket!&quot;
my school friend l vasan was a good opening bowler for hyd. his career was killed by 'fixing' a state umpire to call him for chucking.
malinga, botha, ryder and m hussey are ipl4's four most valuable foreign players. 
outside hyderabad's new airport the hoardings warn you: &quot;the deccan chargers will get you!&quot; they're getting no one, only getting walloped.
spent an evening day at secunderabad's new club meeting old school friends ... 40 years later! couldn't recognize anyone.
d&#233;j&#224; vu? why does  remind me so much of  when it happened first in 2008 i was shocked. now amused.
need for speed. 
they entered arrogantly wearing official manutd jerseys and a smug smile, but left sheepishly without a whimper in the silence of the night.
everyone is delighted that vidic's handball is not spotted. but when the ultra-frail owen goes down they swear at the injustice of it all.
i hear a loud applause as the team lists show up on the giant screen ... because fabregas isn't playing! (was that a blessing in disguise?)
hushed silence at bangalore's manutd club as ramsey nets the goal. then a muffled applause as a few brave arsenal fans cheer and jeer.
let's see things another way. a football referee desperately needs help to judge goals, offsides and dives. if technology can help, why not?
it is a shame how people tolerate wrong decisions in pl. what's the money riding on the pl crown? could i 'fix' a referee or a linesman?
i can see why manutd fans miffed by chelsea win. pl got harder, and mancity got closer to cl. we love it ... also because we want spurs out!
sneaking into bangalore's manutd pub for arsenal-manutd game. no i've not become a gaddaar, i just want to see manutd faces after they lose!
how many of ipl's million dollar players are paisa vasool? 
almost surely manutd v barca. hope manutd don't sneak win in 90 min final. even we won first 90 min! so much harder to beat barca in 180 min
three days that finished off arsenal: nov 23 braga loss hurt cl hopes, feb 5 draw hurt pl morale, and feb 27 cup loss. 
i recently asked (carelessly): &quot;who remembers when arsenal scored off a penalty?&quot;. i meant to ask &quot;scored off a corner?&quot;. so when was that?
next year i don't want arsenal to play 'beautiful' football. i just want them to win.
ok, arsenal's pl campaign for 2011 is over. but so what? we won the cricket world cup this year!
anyone remember the last time arsenal scored off a penalty? i can't.
oh god! could be 'unbeaten' again. 1-1 when it could have been to 0-2.
when wenger says 'unbeaten' it usually means a draw. today we'll be well and truly 'beaten' although we just survived the penalty.
ian chappell on ipl player prices.  reminded me of what we wrote 3 years ago. 
not easy to say this ... but congratulations to manutd. they deserve to win the pl. but cl ... that's another story!
paul valthaty currently offers the greatest value at ipl4, and at the least cost. 
i get the feeling that sachin is actually rather keen to wear ipl's orange cap. a silly cap on top of cricket's most glittering crowns?
third in the pl table. we're finally back to where we belong. feel so relaxed now. surely cesc, samir will now leave? add up to 60 million?
mahela is right ... d/l for t20 is still not good enough ... but what he says about 'average score' is wrong. new d/l corrects that anomaly.
i don't think d/l target of 135 in 17 for ktk was unfair. csk had four poor overs (1,2,2,5). instead of 10 in 4, needed to score 30 in 4.
ipl is all about money. as mehmood sang back in 1976: the whole thing is that ke bhaiya, subse bada rupaiya.  
i also wonder if wenger packs his squad with forwards and mid-fielders because they have much greater resale value. if yes, it saddens me.
the big money comes when your team qualifies for cl. wenger does this admirably for arsenal; everything else he does is much less admirable!
what's arsene's real job? (a) to teach players how to win big ... or (b) to simply buy players cheap and sell them big? how many think (b)?
bigger cheer at eden gardens for balaji than for gambhir ... because gambhir is seen as someone who replaced dada?
let's be honest. we still needed to beat spurs and manutd to be really in the race. but how can eboue be so infernally stupid?
i'll stop watching pl unless the referees learn how to look at a watch.
if we beat liverpool tonight, manutd will start to shiver. if we draw or lose, it will be another year without silver. i quiver with fear.
carling cup: gone! f a cup: gone too. cl: going. and if saf persists with berbatov, manutd's pl dream too will be gone with the wind.
i know it makes me look crass, mean and small, but i'll say it anyway. manutd's defeat to manc has pleased me very, very much.
every time i hope that manutd will lose ... they win! so tonight i'm hoping with utmost earnestness that manutd win.
i'm worried bopara will end up playing for neither eng nor rr. is he worried too? is that why he's so fervently proclaiming his eng loyalty?
i hope kroenke orders wenger to buy one top goalkeeper and two top centre backs. it's a shame if we have to recall a campbell or a lehmann!
so glad liverpool played well against man city ... but i hope they play really badly on sunday.
puzzled! why would sangakkara want to captain dc and not captain sl?
will sachin's 200* odi record survive 2011?
three lessons from the 2011 world cup. 
it's hard to catch up with manutd now. we'll again be #2 or #3.the only way arsenal can win is if they appoint dhoni as their captain.
the seven phases of sachin tendulkar's odi career. 
remember rooney almost left manutd? how lucky can you get? i just hope real don't defeat barca and make it easier for manutd.
goodbye, spurs! tomorrow this time i hope it'll be goodbye, manutd.
india on top in the rediff odi rankings. 
dilshan, afridi and yuvraj were the three most valuable players of wc 2011. 
we don't often hear this version of kishore kumar's 'mere mehboob' in mr x in bombay (1964). hear it. such a pleasure! 
i wonder ... is this outrage at the 10-team format in wc 2015 because ireland might miss out? would we grieve similarly for afghanistan?
wc 2015 format: with 12 teams, a roundrobin needs 66+2+1=69 games. that's too many. a qf knockout needs 15*2+4+2+1=37 games. that's too few.
so srt is not retiring from odis. says he continues to enjoy playing cricket. jai ho for that!
i love the way icc's odi ranking doesn't give a damn for world cup performance. we're still 2nd, 7 points behind aus. 
does dhoni have a nike endorsement? if not, they should sign him up. because he goes out there and just does it.
they used to say that kalam had an engineer's sixth sense. could dhoni have a cricketer's sixth sense? how does he get it right so often?
i can conjure calculations to show how arsenal can still win the pl. but we need a 'mard' like rooney or dhoni to win and we don't have one.
with 8+ min to go chelsea, spurs, liverpool still not leading. i guess that strengthens arsenal's hold on #2. but sadly manutd look firm #1.
even with 2-2, manutd would've lost 2 points. now rooney's hat-trick means both the wc (for india) and pl title (for arsenal) in jeopardy.
if dhoni had posted a slip for sreesanth when he first bowled to mahela ...
sixes at wankhede, goal by rooney. bad last 15 min.
now manutd down 2-0 in 26th min. both penalties. yuvraj gets wicket. world's becoming a slightly better place.
ok, manutd go one down in 12th min after conceding penalty. finally some good news.
lost toss could be a blessing ... sreesanth could find some magic, there could be a lot of dew ...
3 home wins i look forward to today: ind bt sl, west ham bt manutd, arsenal bt blackburn. even 1 out of 3 will do if india win wc!
harbhajan singh under-performing! 8 wickets (4.4 runs/over) and 18 runs so far. hope mumbai indian performs in mumbai. 
there can't be a higher high for tendulkar if india win the wc. unless he wants 50 odi hundreds ...
what is the probability that tendulkar will retire from odi cricket if india win the world cup? i'd say 75%.
afridi, yuvraj or dilshan? 
now ponting might play under clarke. earlier we had ian chappell playing under greg chappell and hughes playing under border.
afridi leads in the mvp race. 
who played well in wc 2011? who disapponted? an analysis of all the 14 teams after the league stage. 
upul tharanga has hit 36 fours. jonathan trott has hit 26. neither has hit a six! 
anyone knows how the motera pitch is likely to play on thursday? what's the dew scene? should you bat first if you win the toss?
what was sachin's gesture just before he turned and walked off? i'll wait for next replay but it looked as though he was showing his elbow.
with 20 minutes to go, arsenal down 2-0. but manutd still locked 0-0. so difference might be just one point.
i think drs is here to stay, at least in odis. must not limit no. of referrals; however can introduce 5-run penalty for &amp;gt; 2 wrong referrals.
why this big fuss about aus being undefeated in wc for so long? this team is different and many opponents in wc 07 and wc 11 were poor.
the 50 most valuable players so far at wc 2011. 
i wish to inform my many manutd friends that i am briefly going to become a chelsea supporter. in the first fortnight of april.
i want manutd to win today against marseille. let them get closer to cl final ... and then lose!
nani returning so soon? when an arsenal player is taken away on a stretcher you don't see him for many months! are we a team of softies?
this could get interesting. if pak-zim match is rained off, pak very likely to be fourth. so sa vs pak in qf? but still very early days!
when dhoni criticizes indian batsmen i hope he remembers that he is one himself ... hit just 12 in 21 balls, exposed nehra, munaf to steyn!
dhoni not adding enough value as a player. 
i hate to say this, but manutd know how to win ... and arsenal know how to lose.
raina needs to come in. let gambhir go. raina will be a more adventurous no. 3, he's a far better fielder ... and he can bowl a bit too
dhoni does these mad things with one over to go. he lost champions league tie by asking ashwin to bowl eliminator over. 
india lost, arsenal lost ... and saina nehwal lost too. that was the 'most unkindest' cut.
to manutd fans: we'll give you the fa cup, but you must agree to give us the pl. but, beware! if you don't agree we'll take both the cups.
&quot;5 bangalore school boys drown in the tavarakere lake&quot;. 4 kids drowned last week. what's going on? this is so distressing and so avoidable.
it's time for a drs in football. but hard to implement it in 'continuous' games. easier in 'discrete' games like tennis or cricket.
it felt like playing west indies back in the 1970s. barcelona are really that good.
what's worse than being caught in a bangalore traffic jam? being stuck behind a city bus with a picture of yeddyurappa grinning at you.
shahid afridi didn't look such a good bowler today. but umar gul still looking very good.
wc 2011's 50 most valuable players after ind-ire game. 
taali meter results at ind-ire match: sachin, dhoni, sehwag, yusuf, k o'brien and virat ... because he's rumoured to be the new rcb captain.
in mehmood's bhoot bangla (1965) they had a 'taali meter' to pick the most popular singer. yahoo! tried something similar to rev up the din.
deep long on, deep long off touching boundary rope. yusuf is unconcerned. when you can hit them so high and so far why worry about fielders?
6.35 pm: the chant begins: &quot;sach-in, sach-in!&quot;. 6.40 pm: the stands erupt as he walks out with sehwag. is there anyone more loved in india?
trent johnson's 'chicken dance' created a laugh riot, and spawned instant imitations. when he stumbled and fell ... even that looked funny.
munaf patel soon became 'munna'. and when he didn't dive to save a boundary ... &quot;munna badnaam hua&quot;.
it was fun to sit in the popular stands. so much noise, humour and banter! young folks come in to 'chill out' now ... and be seen on tv.
didn't have the pleasure of seeing manutd go down again ... was at the cricket ground where pathan's sixes only kept going up and up.
i won't mind at all if arsenal lose the fa cup final too.
dhoni used the word 'adulteration' when he talked of the man-machine mix in udrs. expect a milk-drinker to say that! but he's kind of right.
anushka sharma to speak at india today conclave 2011? why? why would they call someone who's done three films? what would she say? puzzled!
nothing wrong with manutd. it's just that atkinson was so damn biased. when they lose at anfield it'll again be because of biased referees.
great chance for torres to show that he is paisa vasool. just score that winning goal against manutd!
malinga could go on to challenge afridi for the world cup &quot;blue cap&quot;, although afridi currently has more wickets. 
arsenal's loss to birmingham means that blue is the winning colour this week. so come on, chelsea! harpoon those red devils!
it's not the end of the world ... somebody has to come second. teams like manutd couldn't even reach the final.
11 am. bangalore. don't see any clouds in the sky. sunny. perhaps too sunny.
now rooney scores to make it 3-0! i just hope we don't lose the pl because of the goal difference.
manutd now 2-0 with 13 minutes to go. shifting my gaze now to colombo and hoping for some mathews madness.
aaruc manutd still leading 1-0 after 66 minutes.
another cricket betting opportunity: will they, or will they not ask for a review when the next appeal is turned down?
sl losing, manutd winning ... how do i always manage to pick the wrong favourites?
didn't know hleb plays for birmingham. he's another player who could go nowhere after leaving arsenal.
generally sunny today although there a white clouds high up. but bangalore is always sunny at noon! the rain starts after 4 pm.
india's best qf opponent is surely nz! on today's showing nz will be fourth behind aus, sl, pak. so we must be first above sa, eng, wi/ban.
why do all captains believe that pollard can only bat for 20-25 balls? why send thomas ahead of pollard when you desperately need runs?
it's now a two-horse race! our horses are swift, skilful and nimble. their horses are robust, tenacious and dogged. but we'll gun them down.
big queues at bangalore for ind-eng tickets! tickets likely to fetch three times the cost price in the black market. look what kolkata lost.
if marseille concede an away goal to manutd their goose is cooked. they need a 2-0 win to give sir alex the shivers. that sadly won't happen
saf says about marseille-manutd: &quot;the competition really starts for us&quot; (now). the start of the end? not easy to win out there!
 a review of all the cricket wc formats. which is the worst format, and what could be the best format.
manutd supporters: assuming we defeat leyton orient (it's still 0-0) today, our passage into the semi-finals is going to really hurt you.
my vote for a round-robin featuring the top 8, 9 or 10 teams, two semi-finals and a best-of-three final. that's a max of 50 matches.
a good wc schedule must ensure the largest number of well-contested games, reward consistent performance and throw up a truly worthy winner.
with this format we&#8217;ll see far fewer good matches! and one bad qf game could knock out a popular team like india or sri lanka.
we've gone back to the dreadful 1996 wc format of a knock-out from the qf stage. after defeating bangladesh india almost surely in qf.
like a bhimsen joshi-manna dey jugalbandi? moments of superlative magic from arsenal (manna), but barca (bhimsen) in a higher class.
this arsenal win is great for the morale. if we can beat barca like that surely we can beat an ageing team with many nanas and one nani.
if arsenal score first at nou camp, a qf berth is a real prospect. of course messi might still get a hat-trick and we might still lose.
aero india 2011 apparently went off very well. great flying, dashing pilots, magnificent planes, dazzling formations, clear skies, no crash.
one super king that australia will badly miss is michael hussey. ponting looked solid, but clarke looks shaky. they really need m hussey.
the australian wc gear is so yellow that you could mistake them to be the chennai super kings.
sreesanth can be delightfully mad.there was no need to eyeball ponting in a silly practice match last night. but i'll be honest: it was fun!
i admire the way kumble has seamlessly moved from cricket player to cricket administrator. that's exactly what dada must do too.
who'll be the most valuable players of the 2011 wc? we'll know on apr 2. these were the most valuable 2007 wc players. 
one of hindi cinema's big puzzles: why was the great uttam kumar a flop when his clone biswajit managed to be successful?
when i last saw the australian cricket team play live at mcg they couldn't get even 100. i'm hoping to see them get 300 at chinnaswamy today
watching lata mangeshkar special on b4u. such an infinity of good songs! lata's songs and sachin's tons add to my joy of being indian.
when someone scores like that you have to stand and applaud. even if it is a manutd goal ... even if you are a diehard arsenal fan.
has mubarak survived in spite of all that fuss on tahrir square? it's not easy to unseat blokes like mubarak and yeddyurappa.
let us hope liverpool defeat chelsea tonight. a buoyant chelsea could challenge us more than a sinking manutd.
enjoying the stunned silence of manutd supporters. next saturday will be worse; losing to mancity will hurt much more than this wolf bite.
let us hope that a wolf will devour a man tonight.
in a state of shock! a goalless 0-0 wouldn't have hurt as much as this.
is anyone else bored of the tahrir square coverage on tv?
i find it impossibly hard to believe this!  will yeddy's government fall if i say &quot;i'm going to vidhana soudha&quot; on fb?
we live in an imperfect world and need to recognize that 100% accuracy is often an unattainable ideal. 
will i wake up tomorrow morning with news of an arsenal win and a manutd defeat? i just hope it isn't the other way round.
i just hope leander and mahesh don't break up again. they deserved to be ahead of the woodies and the bryans.
bowlers were more valuable than batsmen in the recent sa-india odi series. 
look at the brighter side: they did go down 2-0 didn't they?
ok, we lost! but they added 18 overs of play after 119/8. the tv advertisers will be happy.
at least the captain should have known better! with every lost wicket, the d/l target, if it rains again, jumps up big time.
don't lose wickets, don't lose wickets! simple advice to indian batsmen if more rain likely.
we saw yesterday how a 3-0 win can look infinitely more attractive than a 5-0 slaughter.
robin van persie makes the difficult shot look easy ... and the easy shot look difficult.
bhogle had to be 148/3 after 32.5 overs, not 142/6, to win by d/l. so always a little behind ...
in a 16-ball spell, india scored 16 runs and lost 3 wickets. from a d/l perspective might've been better to score 6 runs and lose 0 wickets.
arshavin could be practicing to play the ipl ... so many 'sixes' sailing over the goal post!
followed sri_gangsta's advice, and saw 4 good goals. but worried that fabregas could be kicked in injury. need a fit captain to win more.
too sleepy. can't stay awake for leeds vs arsenal. hope we get a couple of goals in early.
everyone loves an index. 
if nz can't win a test series in nz something's terribly wrong with their cricket.
we increase petrol prices and then we create more traffic jams. something wrong somewhere.
manutd fans taking digs at me! i'll grin and bear it for now because i know that what goes down eventually goes up. but draws go nowhere.
when i am in kolkata my pockets jingle with coins. i gave a tenner for my roadside 'cha' and got back seven one rupee coins!
we struggled to draw with leeds and lost to ipswich. barcelona will blow us away.
how to win an ipl contract 
one day i want to sit at one of those ipl auction tables ... to figure out how such intensity and such gravity can lead to such absurdity.
a lot of people deserve credit for the lca success; but no one more than kota harinarayana. i wrote this a decade ago: 
long ago a wag remarked: lca has only three problems: it must be light, it must do combat and it must fly! i hope he's eating coke today.
we're losing to leeds at home! unbelievable.
the 9 million dollar problem. 
at this rate paul harris might surpass the bapu's record of maiden overs. 
oh no, manutd win again! i have to grudgingly admit that it is a team of mettle in fine fettle that seems very settled.
back to bangalore's crowded roads! australian roads wait for people; our people wait for roads.
cough that stupid idea out darren gough! to beat england we won't even need zaheer; r p singh will do the job. 
we're learning from manutd ... we know how to draw matches too after 2-2 against wigan!
the biggest roses in the world appear to grow around melbourne. the australian countryside is breathtakingly beautiful.
it was &quot;&#228;sk-for-a-six&quot; salim durrani who made it easy for india with that 38 in that tense fourth innings. 
met former mcc captain tony lewis while pottering around mcg; said they would have won that 1973 third test at madras if underwood was fit.
the epl points table now has only one flaw: for a more accurate reflection of talent and ability, the top two places need to be switched.
i was surprised to see more chinese than aussies in sydney. maybe it was because of christmas, but maybe not.
at mcg i found that the udrs break evoked great interest. 80,000+ fans waited  for the verdict! silly rule to stop after 2 failed referrals!
how to chase in an odi match. 
&#207;f you throw, you go!&quot; said the big screen banner. a beer-drunk fan threw a piece of paper: the cameras saw'' him and the cops took him off!
we were seated next to england supporters. the pom-aussie rivalry is great, but not bitter. there was no abuse, no foul language.
seeing aussie batsmen fall like nine pins, my cynical sub-continental mind wondered: &quot;match fixed hai kya?&quot;
when ponting came out to bat there was a fair applause, but i missed the magic and romance of a tendulkar appearance at an indian ground.
entering and leaving mcg is so easy. but staying inside and watching poor and pedestrian batting was painful.
agreed that anderson and tremlett bowled very well, and that conditions were favourable, but you still expected more from ponting. kya hua?
mcg is awesome with 84.465 spectators and the sharpest pictures on the giant screen. but it lacks the soul of beloved eden gardens.
getting ready to leave for the mcg. sunny with some cloud cover. some showers forecast but should be a great first time experience.
what's the joint probability that both arsenal and marseille win their cl matches? i know it's low, but wouldn't that be a delicious moment?
check the audio clips ... ravi shastri always gets the first word in after every big sachin moment. happens randomly or by design?
if arsenal had the tall reassurance of a ferdinand and vidic behind, the small and agile arshavin and nasri could create infinite mayhem.
is wenger considering a clichy-benzema swap? why? we are losing because of our weak defence. sometimes wenger's ways are odd and strange.
interesting idea to measure success in the epl.   reminds me of our paisa vasool index for ipl. 
is srt not excited by odis any more? hasn't played a single match this season! hope he's saving it all up for the wc. 
small consolation this, but at least arsenal's emirates pitch is vastly superior to the old and uneven old trafford pitch!
could manutd be a better team without rooney? and ... i feel terrible saying this ... could arsenal today be a better team without fabregas?
first lose your sleep ... then lose your match. this is a horrible double blow. now waiting for chelsea to undo the damage. #mufc #arsenal
mufc
arsenal
35 years ago: traffic jam on howrah bridge; almost miss train. yesterday: jam at dum dum airport; almost miss plane. kolkata won't change!
some thoughts on the udrs. 
i can't help thinking that an england a team will still lose badly to an australia a team.
when you see hindi films in us cinema halls it is unnerving. no whistles, gaalis or taalis ... you only hear the crunch of munched popcorn.
every drink is served with ice filling up half the glass ... when it's snowing outside! haven't they heard of the garam adrak wali chai?
people spend hundreds of dollars in the big markets, but queue up for free samples of chocolate that cost 20 cents. sometimes even twice!
and puzzled why a dark sounding name like 'black friday' was an occasion to celebrate. now i know; no one wants to be 'in the red'.
i was faintly amused by the 'black friday' shopping frenzy. why do we love discounts so much?
it was too good to be true. the drive to bangalore airport is soon going to be a lot less pleasant.
we can win without fabregas, but can we win without nasri?
krunal1981 will respect your feelings and write manutd in future. i was only trying to save two characters, not hurt or offend friends.
after getting hammered 4-0, i only hear icy silence from manu supporters. was it because there was more snow than talent on the manu bench?
chelsea slipping. shows everyone's vulnerable. man u will slip too. then those lucky draws will become dismal defeats. starting dec 13?
please check the barclays premier league points table *now* ... before it is too late.
could andy flower be the best batsman in the english dressing room?
ponting competing with tendulkar? banish the thought! he's actually competing with kallis.
very painful to lose like that! but happy that konark_goel is happy. enjoy the moment for now .. we're gonna win at old trafford on dec 13.
konark_goel i'll offer you a good bottle of whisky if man u finish ahead of arsenal this year. manzoor hai?
liverpool were anyway not headed any good place. now, after the gerrard injury, they at least have a good excuse.
in japan buildings don't collapse even after a massive earthquake. and see what happens in delhi!
arsenal two goals up! wonder how my man u friends are feeling right now.
man u again escape from jail! are they plain lucky, or is there some real mettle?
i'm worried ... dhoni could become india's mike brearley.
just when we were beginning to delude ourselves that fabianski fits the bill .. bad day to draw or lose with man u accumulating good points.
is it the beginning of the end for ponting? even two years ago  he would've led australia's match-winning chase.
icc's idea of a test cricket championship doesn't seem too hot. 
tendulkar was in that sort of mood. trying too hard. he should bat more like sehwag. only he can!
happy that liverpool regaining some form. would be delighted if they win on sunday.
madversity  don't send the tiger cubs to the bangalore zoo. they'll be dead before you can call them karnataka tigers!
hyderabad all out for 21! what would m l jaisimha have thought of this? not too surprising though .. if you have arjun yadav batting at no 4
while the supremely talented fabregas goes for the goal, it appears that all arsenal's opponents have decided to just go for fabregas.
there are two ways to net goals in football: the nasri way, and the nani way.
when arsenal play so well i'm delighted ... but also worried because i don't know how long can they sustain the mesmerizing magic.
i hope this year's cat goes off well. last year's was a scandal successfully swept away under the cupboard.
even two years ago the default status of most flights was 'delayed'. now most flights are actually on time. something's suddenly changed.
ravindra jadeja does enough to stay in indian odi team ... but never does enough to win an odi match for india.
amazing how well sangakkara bats in australia. wonder why.
odi matches no longer seem like zindagi aur maut ka sawaal, or even izzat ka sawaal. remember intensity and tension of 2003 ind-pak wc game?
hussey, bollinger won't play even though australia are down 1-0! soon only wc odi matches will interest. a bit like world cup football.
konark_goel i had logged in for cl results and read up the rooney dope. now back to bed; will sleep well with memories of arsenal's 5-1 win
but i'm relieved rooney may not play against arsenal. even if his wife and mum-in-law walk out on him, rooney will still find arsenal net.
how good do man u look without rooney? they had ronaldo, tevez and rooney ... and then there were none!
a friendly offer to man u supporters: would you like almunia?
the agony and ecstasy of drug discovery. a memorable 2005 lecture. 
reason 2: if you win series, icc 'gifts' you with extra test win. helps sl who play 2 or 3-test series. hurts aus: icc 'thinks' ind won 3-0!
reason 1: aus have played many more tests away recently. that's a big disadvantage icc doesn't see. see data in 
quiz time: if aus-sl play a 6-test series, 3 in aus and 3 in sl, who would win? anyone betting on sl? so why are sl ahead in icc rankings?
gold for saina, silver for sania. i guess that kind of summarizes their respective potential.
why are we seeing so many hockey goals? change of surface or change of rules? whatever the reason, 8-0 is murder.
the batting average often fails to tell the whole story in cricket. 
the world only knows now how emotionally gut-wrenching rescuing miners can be. but bollywood knew it back in 1979 with kaala patthar!
thank god for injuries. otherwise how could cricket selectors have picked india's final playing xi?
in oz newspaper: &quot;at 37, he played like the kid who wished it wouldn't get dark.&quot; why can't he always be a kid? why can't it never get dark?
time for the don to give up the throne to someone &quot;who bats just like me&quot;?
so happy to see prof madhav gadgil popping up in cricinfo's bangalore test commentary about dragonflies. amazing scholar! 
steady drizzle in my part of bangalore sunday evening and night. can't say if this will delay tomorrow's test match start.
aaruc the binary of101010 is indeed 42. but didn't understand the rest about being unable to help.
smh headline: &quot;ponting deserves better from indian fans&quot;. i agree completely. see the rapturous ovation sachin gets everywhere in australia.
we try to spot the rdb effect in sdb's songs (e.g., roop tera mastana), but what about the sdb effect on rdb songs? remarkable burman duo!
a friend of mine has a conjecture: r d burman's magic waned dramatically after 1975 ... after sdb died.
in his 70s now ... time for ponting to go. someone run him out please!
and i can't see five days without rain. supports prempanicker's draw conjecture in the bangalore test.
sense the big match buzz around chinnaswamy stadium. the buzz that makes you want to rush into the stadium long before game starts.
so we now know why mike hussey struggled. but raina came back, hit 86, ran ponting out ... and ran all day for laxman! 
how significant is the home advantage to win medals ... especially given that there are practically no spectators turning up for cwg events?
nz ignored the golden d/l rule: if it looks like rain while chasing ... hold on to your wickets!
6 more, laxman on strike
aus likely to beat full indian test team *in india*. that's why we've always rated australia very highly. 
this is dhoni's biggest test. hitting sixes in dharamsala or winning cl is easy. can he lead india to victory in a test? i fear he can't.
while most indian banks now have logos created out of triangles, squares and circles. syndicate bank has picked a full-grown dog.
arsenal can't win pl if they play like that. carling cup maybe?
it won't please me, but i won't mind an aus win at mohali. it'll prove that the icc test ranking is dubious. honestly, how can aus be 4th?
i want an arsenal win, but if that can't happen i want a chelsea win. no draw please! .
they left their best behind at arsenal: henry, vieira, flamini, hleb ... and now adebayor?
honest confession of arsenal supporter: we won't win anything either with almunia in the goal, but we hope to be #2 in the pl.
not bashing, but here's an honest question to man u supporters: do you think you can win anything with this team?
glad that ponting's gone. i quite like to see a ponting half century, but a century is a big no no.
toi headline. afridi says &quot;india has never supported pakistan cricket&quot;: afridi first needs to ask if pcb has ever supported pak cricket.
do you think they are betting out there on the ayodhya verdict? or will the legalese overwhelm the bookie?
after the mangalore air crash i kind of worry if my pilot is a foreigner. i'd rather have capt rajiv menon fly me than capt lopero sanchez.
will we eventually see a mutation of the batting gene in cricket? 
davy jacobs has probably sealed an ipl contract. they might get him pretty cheap too.
that still doesn't help samir! 2-3.
liverpool equalized at home. blackpool equalized at home. guess who didn't.
i'd rather see arsenal being profitable on the football field than off it!
i don't think 1-3 looks better than 0-3. you can't score 3 more in the next 13 minutes. even if a friendly referee.
he saves one but concedes two! not a favourable almunia equation.
sad to see matthew hayden struggling. i blame that ridiculous mongoose bat.
jiteshpillaai and 'just one point', 'readers don't digest', i s johar's original question box and music stuff by raju bharatan!
jiteshpillaai there was this reviewer named s j banaji(?)  who gave every film just one star. but anand got 3 and bhuvan shome got 4 or 5.
jiteshpillaai when is this collector filmfare issue out? can't wait to buy it ... filmfare memories are very, very precious.
when did england last have a great spinner? can't help thinking that the emergence of graeme swann is a black swan event.
can't wait for that first test at lord's to start on july 21, 2011 ... and for sehwag to knock the stuffing out of swann.
must admit that england have two talented players: morgan and swann. and pietersen, if they care to play him.
with chelsea, spurs, liverpool and manc out of carling cup, wenger and arsenal must go for it. just a team of old hats in the way now.
by failing to score 136, warriors ensured that an ipl team will play in the cl final. now how 'valuable' is that event?
as one cwg horror story follows another, i feel like basanti's maasi in sholay. like her i too will eventually be coerced into saying yes ..
i can't see a ponting squealing like that. the aussies would've gone out in the middle and tried to win even bigger.
why did england lose again? 'disturbed' by allegations, says strauss. oh really? and not disturbed by lack of talent? 
why did ryan sidebottom retire suddenly? he still looks rather good.
data and text mining could help identify cricket spot-fixing. 
i'm curious. how much fixing happens in football? it's apparently rampant in italy. and why not? you just need to 'influence' the referee!
football referees can get away with murder ... and they often do!
cricinfo ball-by-ball of pak innings shows wickets falling in overs 2,3,10,25,30,39,40,47,48,50. any multiple of 5 bias? 
so what was pakistan's suspicious 'scoring pattern'? why is no one telling? mischievous to insinuate this way without furnishing proof.
i can't decide if kieron pollard's onslaught takes the art of batting forward or backwards.
man u need to pull up their socks, and well above their ankles.
still early days, but arsenal looking rather good, and man u looking rather pedestrian. time running out for old saf and his team of oldies?
having said that, the middle in the odi team ranking list is indeed rather crowded. 
icc odi rankings: aus (132), ind (115), sl (115), sa (115), eng (113), nz (112), pak (98) ... once again that curious middling propensity!
icc hardly does anything right. why, then, is everyone in love with icc's team ranking scheme? 
figuring out the most valuable odi player can be tricky. thankfully, sehwag hai na! 
i wonder what's harder: an international football goal or a cricket test century? rooney scores once in 2.5 games; sachin once in 3.5 games.
england reacts to a rooney goal the way india reacts to a tendulkar century.
van persie first and now walcott ... what's wrong with arsenal ankles?
acorn ... and 50 years ago p c mahalanobis persuaded the world's best statisticians to work at indian statistical institute in calcutta.
too much hype about mohd amir's 'prodigious' talent. he's good, but don't forget harbhajan slapped him (with his bat) for a six. unless ...
i find this group captain sachin ramesh tendulkar business slightly ridiculous. i'd rather see his straight drive, not that awkward salute.
pakistan losing quick wickets suddenly against somerset! something going on? see this is how ridiculous these suspicions can get.
when kumble was asked on cnn-ibn if he agreed with ponting's view that no aussie player could be tempted he just smiled that enigmatic smile
how could icc try to spot event-fixing? one day they'll succeed with good data mining algorithms. read mad last para in 
careless pakistani cricketers caught with their pants down. but i don't believe that other cricketers are pristine angels.
cricket is popular, attracts big money, and offers such 'rich' event-fixing options. it would be a bigger surprise if this wasn't happening.
interesting idea to break up odi match into five 10-over parts. full of possibilities and apparently no d/l needed too! 
saina lost, india losing ... the only saving grace this saturday has been the arsenal victory. now if west ham could hold man u to a draw ..
why is indian starting a national civil aircraft development programme so late? and will it work now? 
why must everyone in a tv serial be either black or white? don't we have scriptwriters who can cleverly play with the nuances of grey?
puzzled why they killed off aryan in the marathi serial kunku. a serial apparently heading somewhere now seems headed nowhere.
 the 2004-06 slump in his strike rate shows why sachin isn't higher in  truly sachincredible.
great chart by iyengar_arvind on odi batsmen. sehwag would be alongside gilchrist. sachin should've been higher. why? 
if it looks like rain, and d/l, at dambulla, india need 3-4 early wickets to have any sort of hope.
about bugs and worms. trying to measure how one-sided an odi match is. 
why would the world chess champion want a silly doctorate from the univ of hyderabad anyway? manzilein aur bhi hain! 
in the good old days a good way to make a good impression was to show off your good handwriting. alas, not any more! waqt waqt ki baat hai.
let me get this straight. does shashi tharoor want his privacy or does he want his marriage photos pasted on every paper? i'm guessing both.
it's a bad idea to make failed politicians governors. and it's even worse if you make a failed politician president.
can't defend their lead in the last 5 minutes ... can't score off a penalty ... surely that's not the stuff champions are made of?
do the gods, and some people below, want to ensure an india-sri lanka final?
a 4-0 win against blackpool this evening will be nice. but arsenal's getting nowhere as long as almunia's manning the goal post.
in the endless mahesh-leander jhagdas i'm always with paes. i can't  explain why. perhaps his greater intensity .. or that bug in his bheja?
eng losing to pak but they worry more about ashes. aus says ind series 'good practice' for ashes. puzzled! ashes really so big?
how good is kevin pietersen really? sometimes-retired-sometimes-not mohammad yousuf looks decidedly better than him even on english pitches.
shashitharoor ... and harchand singh longowal, who signed the punjab accord with pm rajiv gandhi, was assassinated 25 years ago today.
it is heart-warming that usa is showing such concern and sympathy for a flood-ravaged nuclear-powered pakistan.
hard to believe that arnab goswami came out of prannoy roy's stable. he enters the studio for raucous gala-gali, not an illuminating adda.
i'm trying to unearth the equation that calculates 'twifficiency'. haven't found anything yet! anyone knows more?
my twifficiency score is 23%. whats yours? 
how can a spinner manage to overstep by more than a foot? and if you had bet that sehwag won't get 100 you just won a lot of money!
just a little concerned about arsenal defence. they conceded 5 goals to some polish team last week. draw would be good, win would be great.
unless he gets seriously injured, drogba's already got one foot into the golden boot. the boot's on the other foot for rooney and manu!
kushal2091 most math proofs now use computers.think of messy proof of 4 color theorem. not like proving set of real numbers is uncountable!
anyone else gets the feeling that dhoni doesn't want irfan pathan? his assault at dharamsala was unbelievably brutal.
math proofs once used to be simple and elegant. now you don't know if the proof proves anything!
should security be covert or overt? both? how? why? tough questions with no easy answers.
i've never understood what the securitywalas in our it park achieve by checking my car boot every morning. dumb place to put a bomb surely?
bad news for chelsea! phil mcnulty has just predicted that they will be epl champs. remember his liverpool prediction? 
don't want gerrard to be in this kind of form come sunday.
toi: &quot;chelsea boss behind move to buy kings xi?&quot; if true, their arsenal-like jerseys will quickly disappear.
anyone remembers the good old cricket scorecard? i miss old scorecards and those dear old autograph books. 
chalo chelsea! otherwise konark_goel and other man u supporters won't leave us in peace with their rooney (did he play wc?) et al talk.
just wondering ... our tv news channels would've loved it so much more if laxman had scored 54 and sachin had scored the century.
i've stopped feeling good, bad or anything after odi wins or losses. but winning this test felt good.
could sehwag become the premier challenger to tendulkar's batting records? and we thought ponting was the big threat ...
pakistan find that you can defeat australia in england but not england in england. wonder when icc's ranking will discover this home truth.
why is mithun scoring more than dravid? prasanna and chandra never scored more than viswanath.
what can cricket learn from google? probably nothing. but who knows what could happen one day in the future ... 
when is ricky ponting going to concede? it now looks like a bridge too far.
raina delighted with maiden century ... sachin gives him an affectionate pat. he knows how to cook this brew better than anyone else.
there would've been national mourning if sachin had fallen for 99. with sehwag it's no big deal although you wish it had been 199 instead.
good god, harbhajan actually got a wicket! so now, as karthiksiram has been imploring, let me predict that sl will win this test.
sangakkara goes for 219. my 300 prediction down the drain! but i'm hoping that my 0 wicket prediction for harbhajan survives.
do you think sangakkara will reach 300 thirty minutes after tea? or earlier?
looks as though an unhappy fabregas will stay on this year at arsenal. but an unhappy fabregas is still better than a happy denilson.
does anybody think that harbhajan will finally get a wicket tomorrow?
don't these tv channels love it when there's a plane on fire or with a damaged nose wheel ... even if no passenger is hurt?
what's the probability that man u will crumble this year like liverpool last year? improbable, but not impossible.
the sort of nonsense happening with the french football team is unbelievable. i thought such things only happened with the pak cricket team.
ndtv headline: pm gilani announces a 3-year extension for gen kiyani. shouldn't it really be the other way round?
and i thought all indian hockey coaches were like shahrukh khan in chak de india.
didn't immediately occur to me that fabregas too would be very hungry to play after warming wc benches. but hungry for arsenal or barca?
good that arsenal has a lot of 'hungry' players who missed out on the wc: arshavin, nasri, walcott. they'll now be looking to dazzle.
aaruc nobody has found the don's missing boundary yet!
would i have felt just as happy if warne had taken those 800 wickets? truthful answer: no! if it can't be an indian, let it be murali!
australia 34/4 with the balls darting around. anyone betting on a pakistan win?
when dravid crawls, he gets sehwag impatient. and then sehwag gets out.
if india lose 2-0 or 3-0 to sl and australia defeat pakistan 2-0, it'll be a tight embrace at the top between india, sa and aus.
aaruc no, we are still ok at #1. but not a good idea to lose the series because that's like losing an extra test.
i know you aren't supposed to say such things but my only interest in the galle test is to see if tendulkar can get #48
i fear for saina nehwal. i fear that a first rate badminton player might be pushed into becoming a second rate 'celebrity'.
by end 2010 we would have created 1.2 zettabytes (zb) of digital data. anyone knows how much is a zb? if it helps, 1 zb = 10**21 bytes!
30 years ago we had the problem of 'no data'. now the problem is of 'too much data'. how should statisticians cope?
figuring out the best way to write new rupee symbol. not easy! write ra without top line and then add two lines on top? 
football for the nobel peace prize? seemed like quite a good idea. in my book a better choice than barack obama. 
i do appreciate the way egypt protects and restores its heritage. in india we deface our monuments with ugly &quot;rahul loves seema&quot; graffiti.
walk on any egyptian street and touts ask just two questions: &quot;india?&quot; &quot;country of amitabh bachchan?&quot;. hadn't realized big b was so big.
you see one egyptian temple ... and you've seen them all!
deciding what's the right amount of 'baksheesh' to offer in egypt is a formidable optimization problem.
for 7 days and nights i didn't see a single cloud in egyptian skies. &quot;doesn't it rain here?&quot;, i asked my guide. &quot;yes, maybe once in 5 years&quot;
egypt is a much more popular tourist destination now than 10 years ago. do more indians travel now, or is it the singh is kinng effect?
howard losing his nomination ... losing the odi series to england ... aussies really unhappy!  
it's still nice to return to kolkata ... not much has changed since you were a student there 35 years ago!
the only time you like bangalore's crowded roads is when you return from kolkata.
they've dug up half of sector v's main road in salt lake city kolkata four months ago ... and done nothing there after!
i feel cheated. i thought epl was football; that rooney and torres were the greatest strikers; that capello was a genius. now i know ..
villa's goal was like a giant wave coming at you when you've gone too far out on the beach. you see it coming, as you might see death coming
virat kohli isn't even half a dravid ... and we're only talking odis. i'd still have dravid at no. 3 in my world cup team.
sqc techniques offered great value when economies depended on manufacturing. they won't survive in knowledge-driven economies.
i just wonder: starting tomorrow, will the english media start applauding their cricketers more than their footballers?
with four arsenal players in the playing eleven france still got nowhere. arsene wenger won't be amused.
i hope that ends the unfortunate incursion of ravindra jadeja into international cricket. time to recall irfan pathan.
i can't see anyone watching the sl-india odi even though the home team is playing. have we killed the goose laying the golden egg?
what a joy to re-read the old phantom indrajal comics! remember the 'imposter' who stole the phantom's costume and lost the wrestling bout?
any idea how we might apply the duckworth-lewis method when odi games are split into 25+25+25+25 overs? 
rooney can't take the pressure of living up to a country's lofty expectations for a week. sachin's taken such pressure for two full decades!
ashabhosle your classical lal patthar duet re man sur me ga was masterly. i personally thought you sang even better than manna da.
ashabhosle i loved your duet main chali main chali from padosan! incidentally did kishore help in composing some padosan tunes?
that's what happens when you don't play cesc fabregas!
in the pre-photocopying era tracing the map of africa was an adventure. if you didn't have real tracing paper, you used oil! sticky mess.
the 'fun' was seeing other friends caned after you were done. some took it stoically like asli mards, others squealed, hopped and danced.
as schoolboys we were caned quite often. i remember being caned for not tracing the map of africa. it was a little painful, but also fun.
asking an actress like bipasha basu if she supports portugal is fine, but asking her how the jabulani ball is going to swing is a joke.
watching a lot of old football coverage. i see that players wear much longer shorts now. michel platini's shorts in 1982 were really tiny.
from yahoo  red-wearing teams (such as manu, liverpool, arsenal) won more often. more likely because of playing at home
nyt says epl is the roughest football league in the world; even the bundesliga is more benign. 
i've never seen gerrard and lampard play well together. now they are captain and vice-captain. god help england.
the news from zimbabwe is that the future of indian cricket is not very bright and india is all set to lose its #2 ranking.
ballack, essien and maybe drogba out of the world cup. the chelsea curse or chelsea's good fortune?
why don't we have any indian umpire on the icc elite panel?  no ability or no will?
if zimbabwe continue batting like this ... they will bag the bonus point! now realizing vengsarkar was far better chairman than srikkanth.
heading for big defeat in harare? india should've accelerated to get that bonus point against sl. but kohli, rohit seemed keener to get 100s
i find it fascinating to look at twitter's followers / following ratio. the latest index of celebrity status?
even if genuine indian spersons win medals, suresh kalmadi or randhir singh will pretend they are the real winners.
england couldn't have won even with walcott; without walcott they certainly can't!
every time we have an air crash we suddenly start reading stories about near misses, near collisions, sudden altitude drop etc. wonder why.
nikearun yes, i used to head nal's information management division till end-2006. were you any time at nal?
so the *attempt* on sri sri ravi shankar's life gets higher billing in the bangalore morning papers than the 30 burnt bus victims ...
i can't believe her majesty is too busy to inaugurate the delhi commonwealth games. she's either too old or too concerned about security.
my op top 10 (cont.)     ... really hard to stop at 10!
my op top 10:      
back in 1970-71 a syed ahmed hattea was hailed as a fast bowling sensation. pataudi finished him off after just one session at the nets!
so steven finn is the new english test cricket hero! i'd like to see how good he looks after getting the viru treatment.
ayushmannk of course 'aaiye meherbaan' and 'pukarta chala hun main' and 'babuji dheere chalna' and 'bahut shukriya' and ... tough choices!
could england be a better t20 side than a test side? after 53 overs english bowlers got just one bangladesh wicket ... while playing at home
has the bcci realized ... a few more defeats in zimbabwe and india will drop to third in icc odi rankings?
anand kumar's 30 out of 30 success with super 30 is commendable. but how many of these 30 would've made it without iit seat reservations?
we were trying to compile a top 10 of o p nayyar. 'diwana hua badal' (kkk) and 'jaiye aap kahaan' (ms) figured on everybody's list.
which vijay anand do i admire more: the sensitive director of guide, tere mere sapne or the racy narrator of teesri manzil, jewel thief?
fabregas can go to barca. with mourinho at real he still won't win any silverware.
someone must tell our cm that he looks a disaster when he wears a suit. yeddy should stick to 'white &amp; white' or his favourite khaki shorts.
sameermathad i agree. this analysis a little dated. today i'd say viru's 'beta' is &amp;lt;1 in tests, =1 in odi and &amp;gt;1 in t20.
what is ricky ponting's 'beta' in odi cricket? 
to me the twitter challenge is to say something sensible in 140 characters without violating the rules enumerated by wren and martin.
i see that srbachchan is sacrificing 5 of his 140 characters with his t* numbering. soon it'll be 6. that's expensive, and unnecessary.
just checking if this tweet goes through via my mobile phone.
sachin_rt talks of food, music, cancer charity and rough seas but practically nothing about cricket. curious?
justkalpana if that makes you feel better, the power situation in bangalore is just as bad. plus high voltage surges that damage stuff!
can we build a great plane? can we build it quickly? can we sell it at a competitive price? can we maintain it? yes, no, no, maybe.
a 'national civil aircraft development' programme? too many players and too little synergy! i wish things work out, but i fear they won't.
if your trousers are too long should you cut them or shrink them? 
jayawardene shows how valuable correct and classy batting can be in t20 
i just clicked the refresh button thrice on sachin's twitter page and the count stayed at 281,212. doesn't seem too hungry for runs today.
poor english teams ... they never seem to win anything! fulham dream shattered ... and i'm backing sri lanka to shatter their next dream.
aaruc thanks for that reply. what always puzzles me is who is the asli no 1 in chess. so many tournaments, so many formats ...
if the last match too is drawn, will the tie-breaker favour anand more than topalov?
why does everybody honk the horn so much in kolkata even on a sunday?
kayvee1975 thanks, that was a splendid d/l suggestion. promise to acknowledge it in our forthcoming article for cricinfo.
i've just sent a message to v jayadevan. curious to know what target his vjd method would've set for wi. 
the &quot;most productive overs&quot; (mpo) can sometimes set an unacceptably big target for the chasing team. tricky puzzle! 
just a thought. would that old rule of &quot;most productive overs&quot;, devised by benaud (?), work better than d/l for t20? 
&quot;i was to tweet that i survived :(&quot; justkalpana: shouldn't that be :) instead of :( or is this a new kind of oxymoron?
england done in because of their own duo of professors! yeh to hona hi tha. read the last section in 
on cricket crazy, jason gillespie had no clue about d/l ... and shonali had no clue that gillespie had no clue.
normally d/l target gets steeper with every loss of wicket .. but not if it is down to just 5 overs. good idea to bat second in rainy guyana
sl were very lucky that zim didn't know their d/l. zim just had to go for runs without worrying about losing wickets!
aaruc i guess you know by now. if liverpool had defeated chelsea, manu would've become favourites for epl title. baat khallas now for manu!
feel like watching jewel thief this sunday morning. need to check out tanuja and confirm that the fish dangling was a fake, not a bechara.
a team-wise analysis to pick ipl3's best players and biggest disappointments. 
rajasen did you feel as you wrote that piece that we don't have enough funny bollywood ladies? and why didn't you consider nutan or tanuja?
harinprasad for example, arsenal have often lost to man u ... but, more seriously, arsenal just don't know how to win.
when your team can't win you want the rival team to lose. wishing really hard that chelsea defeat liverpool so that man u are out of it too.
feel terrible that barca lost. as an arsenal supporter would've felt better saying we lost to the ultimate champs.
now that ipl3 is over, and no player or spectator died, i wonder what reg dickason will say. i guess he'll shut up .. till ipl4 comes along
so uid is now aadhaar, has a new logo, and 'dry runs' have begun in two andhra villages. but to me it still look like that blimp in the sky.
no one would've agreed to pay shoaib malik even rs 1 for the walima rights if he had married a mehrunissa begum instead of sania mirza.
bdutt &quot;media being simultaneously blamed for being too hard or too soft on modi.&quot; but that's the problem; media always 'too something'!
sagarikaghose ab's punishing schedule with cirrhosis: 'most admirable' or 'most unnecessary'? time now to relax with a paan banaraswala.
liverpool v chelsea on may 2 and man c v spurs on may 5 should decide first and fourth place. arsenal third and going nowhere as usual.
no need for man u fans to celebrate yet. i tried bbc predictor  with reasonable results and chelsea come out first!
mischievous to say ipl final 'fixed' in favour of mi. if they win: &quot;i told you so&quot;; if they lose: &quot;they backed off after we exposed them&quot;
1350 tejas test flights so far, featuring 9 aircraft. and not a single crash! this is truly remarkable.
no news channel carried a story on the first successful flight of tejas lsp-3; instead they screamed about patel beti diverting ai flight.
reading now in nyt: &quot;the future of the french language is now in africa.&quot; now isn't that &#233;tonnant?
of course if there had been no blasts, rain would've finished off yesterday's match at bangalore. but i'm guessing mi would still have won.
if kohli had sacrificed wicket, if pietersen had finished it off, if rcb's net rate has been 0.06 more, mi would've defeated csk last night!
how much should we pay players in ipl4? 
we thought kieron pollard would only contribute explosive batting. he bowling and fielding well too! 
thanks to sureshvasisht i know. on twitter, m:f ratio is 41:59, on facebook, it is 43:57. results surprising; my guesses completely wrong.
just curious. what might be the male:female ratio on twitter? 80:20, or even 90:10? and facebook? 50:50, or even 40:60?
vrsaju i was reacting to this  that i thought lacked grace.
tribute to viru in nyt.  &quot;lucky (21st) century, to have such a champion.&quot;
only one person seemed truly scared: simon doull. the darpok's plane must be 50m in the air by now. goodbye, simon, we won't miss you!
'managing' an extreme event is vitally important. the key was to quickly allay fears.spectators truly believed that it was a generator blast
what puzzled me most was how bindaas the chinnaswamy stadium crowd was in spite of the blasts. why was no one scared?
when the tv news channels 'break' the news about a gas cylinder explosion or a generator blast i begin to fear the worst.
bring back lehmann and send fabianski to the northern-most corner of the north pole!
justkalpana but before you leave i'm sure your little boy will ask a smart ash question that'll leave all of us stumped.
klm flew a plane through the ash and nothing happened. goras are such darpoks! a small blast or a little ash in the akash scares them stiff.
after some feedback i'm revising my list of india's top five epl teams: man u (well ahead), chelsea, arsenal, liverpool and spurs.
any estimates how indian support to epl teams breaks up? i'm guessing top five are: man u (well ahead!), arsenal, chelsea, liverpool, man c.
that scholes goal ruined my saturday!
so much in common between swine flu and y2k. create panic to make a serious problem appear like the end of the world, and rake in the moolah
wonderful where the swine flu's gone? thought of it after i read that c k prahalad probably died of a bronchial ailment.
crownish we don't have captaincy points in the mvpi. but your suggestion looks interesting. if i have the time will devise realtime scorer
symonds costs &amp;lt; $2000 per run even with a price tag of $1.35 million. i'm guessing dc will be happy to renew his contract come september.
as long as madhavan nair was chairman, isro's success rate was well above par. was he lucky or special?
looks as though time's up for hayden, jayasuriya, gilchrist and warne. i'm guessing gilchrist and warne be back as coaches.
could arsenal at least end up second? the joy of pushing man u down to third will be a soothing balm amidst the encircling gloom.
the four most expensive players of every ipl team walk away with half the total money. 
what's the probability that rcb win tonight? (0.6?). and that arsenal too win? (0.6?). since wins not linked, combined probability is 0.36.
bhogle    apparently other player is mervyn westfield. he's english, but 'home-grown', see picture! 
the london times pretends to be more scrupulous about the essex scandal but eventually succumbs to the temptation 
the sun: kaneria and another essex player to be probed for incidents in one-day matches. why name only kaneria? how mischievous is that?
it is possible that there will be some silverware in liverpool's cupboard end-season while the arsenal cupboard remains bare.
amit mishra has scored 13 runs so far in ipl3 ... and taken 14 wickets! 
just 5 players (tendulkar, duminy, jayasuriya, harbhajan and pollard) take away more than 70% of the mi kitty. 72% to be precise.
with jayasuriya and duminy 'on the bench', there may be more ambani money in the dugout than in the playing field.
why did they pay so much for roach and bond? to be paisa vasool they must play *every* match *and* take 2/20 or 3/40.
ferguson's next horrific moment will be when tevez helps man c beat man u. he should never have let tevez go.
i'm trying to figure out how lousy man u fans must be feeling. if you can't win after being two goals up at home, you can't be very good.
i just hope english and man u fans don't start saying that rooney's as good as messi .. he doesn't have messi's flair, or even messi's hair.
it's time to bring in j-p duminy instead of dwayne bravo. and i'm kind of missing sanath jayasuriya. bring him back instead of ryan mclaren.
new bathroom soap smells of oranges. don't like it. feel i'm having an orange juice bath. wonder why i don't feel the same way about lime.
arsenal fan's horror scenario now is that man u somehow defeat bayern munich to enter semis. i have a sneaky feeling that'll happen.
any further confirmation needed that there'll be no song and dance at the barca match? let's hope it's not a 4-0 hiding.
curious change of roles. andrew symonds looks like a bowling all-rounder and irfan pathan like a batting all-rounder. 
why talk only of drogba's offside goal but be rather silent on macheda's dubious goal? i wanted a draw, but happy that man u whipped at home
kiran102008 5.15 pm ist. arsenal v wolves at 7.30 pm. hope the day ends with chelsea 73, man u 72 and arsenal 71 ... all after 33 matches.
hope bbc's lawro gets his prediction right today. chelsea 1, man u 1 would be a good result. even better if drogba and nani limp off injured
amazing that rajesh roshan is around for over 35 years ... but still believe that his old man was greater. rahen na rahen hum mehka karenge.
a background tune in khatta meetha seemed very familiar .. quickly guessed that rajesh roshan repeated the same tune 20 years later in koyla
saw khatta meetha last weekend. great acting by ashok kumar and pearl padamsee (alas, both no more) and great music by rajesh roshan.
justkalpana to me the surprise is that the winning and losing streaks are going on for *so long* despite teams being rather evenly matched.
justkalpana when ipl teams win (w) or lose (l), they keep winning (www) or losing (lll). not enough win-lose-win transitions (e.g., wlwlw).
also don't see significant correlation between wins and home games, except perhaps with rr. observations based on mohandas menon note in dna
only kkr showing more l-w runs than other teams. you could call it the dada effect.
with all teams almost equally strong, expected more l-w-l-w transitions. now we understand why everyone's talking of 'momentum'.
mi: wwlwwww | dd: wwlllwww | rcb: lwwwwll | rr: lllwwwwl | kkr: wwlllwlw | csk: lwwllllw | dc: lwwwlll | kxip: llllwll. note w, l clusters!
barca's coach guarduola said: &quot;there is more risk when you take no risk.&quot; why does that sound familiar? because our own viru said it first!
curious that sri lankan bowlers doing so well and sri lanka batsmen doing so badly. jayawardene (102 runs), mathews (99) sangakkara (91) ...
surprisingly low strike rates (&amp;lt;125): symonds, gayle, gibbs, pandey, bopara, jayasuriya, ganguly, de villiers, dilshan, barath, hussey ...
ipl batsmen with strike rate &amp;gt; 175: gilchrist, pathan, sehwag, uthappa, warner. not counting bhajji who is currently 200.
ipl's six best fielders so far (based on ct, st, ro ... so favours wk): karthik, raina, de villiers, jhunjhunwala, gilchrist, sathish.
ipl's top wicket takers after 27: muralitharan (11), malinga (10), zaheer, tait (9), vaas, bhajji (8), looks like a sri lankan show so far
&quot;rooney's pain was felt by millions&quot; says the times  please count me out.
it will be interesting to see how man u can perform without rooney. poorly, i hope!
&quot;so any change in your team today?&quot; tendulkar, warne, kumble and even gilchrist always remember all names. dhoni forgets a few quite often.
yusuf pathan  his value by being a handy spinner. and he can catch pretty well too! 
could news channels have bribed that nair fellow to insert his 'bomb'? it was 'breaking news' material for well over 24 hours.
we all know how roads needing repair aren't repaired, but in our it park perfectly good roads being continually repaired. kuchh gadbad hai.
justkalpana i may be the lucky one, but getting pass in bangalore is rather easy unless you want it the very next day.
 i wonder if this will make taylor the most popular cricketer in hamilton. he already is ... in bangalore.
ban captains for poor over rates but don't care for the time lost during those strategy breaks. &quot;the whole thing is that subse bada rupaiya&quot;
ipl wickets, eco rate: kumble (5, 5.5), kartik (4, 5.6), pathan (4, 6.6), yuvraj (3, 6.7), bhajji (5, 6.9), mishra (7, 7.3), chawla (3, 7.4)
only three bowlers who have bowled &amp;gt;15 overs have economy rate &amp;lt; 6: kumble (5.5), kartik (5.6) and muralitharan (5.9). all good spinners!
ipl's most fours: kallis (39), tendulkar (36), sehwag (26), hayden and bopara (22), pandey and badrinath (15) ... most of them openers!
ipl's best six hitters: pathan (19), uthappa (12), hayden (11), gilchrist and raina (9), sehwag and symonds (8), rohit sharma and pandey (7)
5riram pvi = [money paid so far / mvpi so far]. we want low pvi. possible if you are paid less or have higher mvpi, or both happen.
kalpakrg the pvi is at the right corner. rediff's ads can 'truncate' the table, so try refreshing. it's the same story: ads defeat content!
it's already happening in football. i've never understood why anyone would pay beckham more than messi.
the real worry is that a player could earn much more by crass showmanship than solid performance. i fear that ipl could be heading that way.
so although ganguly currently costs $5912 per run, srk will probably reckon that at least $4000 per run is for the dada brand name.
for every $100 you pay an ipl player, how much is for his on-field performance, and how much for his brand value? would depend on player ...
mihirmehta top players performing poorly (average mvpi &amp;lt; 15) include ganguly, r p singh, sreesanth, jayasuriya and bond. but early days yet
since  appeared, yusuf pathan has overtaken jacques kallis to become the mvp after match 22.
honest confession: i'm not going to turn off the lights tonight when arsenal play birmingham. will be happy to 'compensate' later.
i am more likely to read a magazine bought garam-garam off the newstand than the subscription copy delivered at home. can't explain why.
while pakistani cricketers are enmeshed in turmoil, their umpires are doing  well: aleem dar and asaf rauf officiating the hamilton test.
when bloggers try to write a whole book it's like at t20 batsman trying to play a test innings.
it happens elsewhere too. you start an association, you find sponsors to launch an award, you 'find' a jury .. and the award goes to .. you!
they seem to be dishing out awards to tv channels round the year. and every channel seems to win at least a dozen! kuch kuch ho raha hai.
players like sehwag, uthappa, gilchrist, pathan and dhoni have strike rates around 175. soon 200 will become the limit to shoot for in t20.
if you want to spot ipl cricketers with a similar sort of performance try cluster analysis. 
there goes uthappa! this dismissal should send his paisa vasool index up from $1382 to at least $ 1600.
i have grumbled that uthappa isn't worth $800,000 in ipl. not any more. he only costs rcb $1382 per run now, based on paisa vasool analysis.
i guess bisla has done his stuff. anyone remembers karan goel of kxip? he too could give it quite a whack.
good fun to play with this epl predictor  and cheat to make arsenal win! but a good pointer to what will be the key games
looking for possible captains for pune and kochi ipl teams. assuming it's not tendulkar and sreesanth, the first pick may be michael clarke.
justkalpana wise indeed! but how does one define 'artistic'? how do i know if i am artistic?
indianchamps just as alex song has been for arsenal this year. but what's up with eduardo? used to be great at sneaking in a goal.
&quot;tum agar mujhko na chaho to koi baat nahin, tum kisi aur ko chahogi to mushkil hogi.&quot; as arsenal fan feel that way about manu winning epl.
didn't know rule if super over tied till i read ragingindian: &quot;look at total sixes, then total fours.&quot; csk (5+1)  were ahead of kxip (3+1).
was it a 'bomb' or a 'fire cracker'? and could it have blown up the plane mid-air? surprised that no one has answered this simple question.
even cricinfo is experiencing ipl fatigue tonight!ten teams isn't a great idea. like tv soaps, viewers will pick and choose matches to see.
big step forward for the spurs. now look best placed to be fourth.
why keep angelo mathews waiting in the pavilion for 19 overs on what looked like a sri lankan sort of wicket?
i wonder: do we buy books to read ... or to simply to experience the joy of buying? check the number of unread books on your rack for answer
internet banking has made payments so simple that i decided to buy five books online when i wanted just two! delivery too is so prompt ...
i never thought i would buy a book online. but parking woes and long queues outweigh the joy of inhaling the magical aroma of a new book.
does thierry henry start for barca these days? worry that he'll get that goal against arsenal because he'll try harder to prove his loyalty.
just looked at the google map of the parts of hyderabad i used to know ... wonder why roads on maps look so different from the real roads
but graeme swann taking 10 wickets against the world's poorest batting test side is of course a phenomenal cricketing achievement!
mike selvey is horrified that warne is praising yusuf pathan. after all just a silly 100 in a silly domestic t20 match against silly bowling
amusing to read reports in british papers about ipl. they're trying really hard to convince themselves that it's no big deal.
the only consolation is that it is more honourable to lose to barca than to man u. but what if arsenal win? that would be some high!
what have man u done to deserve this sort of luck? at least let's hope liverpool finish them off come sunday.
how many of you thought last night that tendulkar was secretly trying to score a t20 century?
the rediff cricket rankings aren't flawless, but they are based on sound principles. see  and 
relieved that dharmendra is out of hospital. sad that we've almost forgotten an amazingly versatile actor who did both sholay and satyakam.
arsenal fan's dream draw in tomorrow's cl quarter-final draw:arsenal v bordeaux and ... well, man u vs barcelona!
why choose hema malini as bjp vp? perhaps nitin gadkari now wants to sing a duet. i recommend: zindagi ek safar hai suhana ...
dmartyn30 would like to see you open for rr instead of graeme smith. that might help!
i fear rajasthan royals could soon become the portsmouth of the ipl. but kings x1 punjab have to do more if they're hoping to become arsenal
kolkata is really home for kkr. i still recall the thunderous applause for shoaib akhtar when he dismissed sehwag for nothing in ipl1
how does ahmedabad become 'home' for rajasthan royals? yeh jo public hai yeh sab jaanti hai!
i'm glad sobers talked of gavaskar. he was india's first opener with a mind without fear and the head always held high; and no helmet too!
haddin for gilchrist is as bad as arun lal for gavaskar. the greatest can never be replaced.
i remember the days when yusuf was simply irfan's big brother. kya se kya ho gayaa! wonder why irfan is getting the cold-shoulder though.
who were the most valuable players of the india-sa odi series last month? a statistical recap. 
with ipl starting, i expect a lot of cricket analytics to invade the marketplace. sadly most of it will be pedestrian. 
every time i switch on my tv i see barkha dutt talking to sonia gandhi.
curious how the state of its cricket team mimics the state of the country
how many more weeks can rooney keep playing this way? he's scoring two per match! that can't go on as i fear england will soon discover.
does it happen to others too? first they call you a dozen times and when your car finally goes for servicing it comes back in poorer shape.
when arsenal flow it's poetry in motion ... this way and that she peers and sees, silver goals in a silver stream ...
arsenal 'flow' much better in the champions league. in the premier league there's always an evil shawcross somewhere to curb their flow.
i hadn't heard sonia gandhi speak more than a sentence till last night's ndtv interview. she talks just like arsene wenger.
so what did rooney do last night? could he be a better player for man u than  england? just like fabregas is better for arsenal than spain.
i was playing tt with sandip arora in my calcutta hostel when a grave uniformed officer came in to tell sandip that his father was no more.
anyone remembers those brave iaf pilots who saved morarji desai from almost certain death? 
i know of in and iaf pilots who delayed ejection to save civilian lives - but couldn't save their own lives! how could they be so brave?
&quot;formation aerobatics require tremendous skill and precision&quot; 
this is tragic, but why have an air show at begumpet airport? it's bang in the middle of the city now.
ever wondered why it's better to have just half of the 9&quot; pizza instead of the whole 6&quot; pizza?
can't be a coincidence ... ever since that big hoarding came up the red light at my traffic signal is taking much longer to turn green.
ross taylor kiwis captain today! after assembling test players looks as though mallya now wants to assemble captains: t joins k,d,p,k,w ...
what's the probability of surviving after jumping from the seventh floor? practically zero. then why did they jump? panic is so irrational.
so ravi bopara is coming. his batting isn't worth dying for either.
earthquakes hurt the rich and kill the poor. 
boycotting an award function over a newspaper report is carrying the childishness too far. bachchan getting old even as he acts like a child
i know delap has a good throw. but do we need all that fuss of drying a big football? it's not the same as bhajji drying a wet cricket ball.
i get the impression that the indians are determined to lose today's motera game. the aussies never show such generosity.
it is alarming how much -- and how quickly -- the death count can rise after an earthquake. just hope the epicentre was sparsely populated.
2008 nyt report on chernoff faces to evaluate baseball coaches. we did it in 2007 on rediff.com to evaluate cricketers! 
can't decide what'll be worse: cricket without tendulkar or tendulkar without cricket.
he'll be miserable the day he has to retire ... and the rest of us will be even more miserable.
is kevin pietersen truly worth $1,550,000? 
interesting options with away goal advantage in the champions league: at home against porto, arsenal win at 1-0, tie at 2-1 and lose at 3-2!
and when did england last have their tendulkar? they never did! they can't make a tendulkar in england; they can only make a gooch.
england desperately needs heroes; see how they go ga-ga when rooney scores a goal.
all these srikkanth's boys are bakwaas! and dravid is posing for photos with his high school teachers instead of playing at eden gardens.
why does a tendulkar century give more pleasure than a sehwag century ... even though sehwag's is usually more enjoyable?
some roads around washington currently feel like indian roads after all that snow havoc. felt good!
in bangalore when they say it'll rain, it never rains ... and if they say it'll snow, it'll of course never snow.
weather prediction isn't about a great global model; it's about a seamless overlap between global and local models, about more data points.
in washington when they say it'll snow, it really snows. see the first few snowflakes now. must wait to see if it'll indeed be 12&quot; or 24&quot;
the idea of a pressure index in odi cricket. 
i was waiting for rooney's goal! rooney and drogba always manage to defeat arsenal. we'll be #3 ... till we can find that special magician!
no carling cup ... now no fa cup. if arsenal now have a bad fortnight their goose is cooked.
dhoni is the most valuable indian odi player of the current 2009-10 season. 
something about arsenal this year ... concede two first and then return to net four! that's real steel from the gunners.
who was the last truly great english cricketer? botham? hutton? or maybe hammond.
so how good is kevin pietersen? not great. not even half a ponting!
dhoni either slams his bowlers or his batsmen. what about slamming himself for consistently losing the big silverware?
if manchester united have neither the money nor wayne rooney next season, they could be sinking to a great depth themselves.
surely liverpool can't be so bad ... but when you start falling there's no telling how deep you might plunge.
i am saddened that nobody seems sufficiently saddened by the terrible haiti earthquake
the d/l par score is a concept with several interesting possibilities  
when was rafi's voice at its best? around 1960 when he sang mai zindagi ka saath nibhaata chalaa gayaa in hum dono?
ranking teams playing odis is tricky business 
rajublog your comments valid and thoughtful; you've understood the model and spotted weaknesses. decaying weights will correct anomalies
curtains for jayasuriya? 
rajublog i agree. a decaying weight function will give better results. but icc's ranking scheme has flaws too! sl vastly poorer than aus!
there's nothing more humbling than being savaged on message boards 
why do they play ishant sharma? gives at least seven per over in every match. and why don't they play irfan pathan?
no english footballer has ever won the fifa world player of the year award. lampard was second in 2005. curious? or do they lack the magic?
sardesairajdeep i thought that pratham gentleman didn't show the courtesy everyone must show the pm
sardesairajdeep did you notice that ganguly was repeatedly applauded even with dravid and kumble around? there's something about dada ...
i might have enjoyed a tendulkar century more than an india win ... now did i say something wrong?
revisiting the duckworth-lewis method 
i'm puzzled: how do broad and anderson *snub* the ipl if they say they won't play ipl3? the ipl won't miss them much.
as schoolkids in hyderabad we used to sing: haseena maan jaayegi, telangana ban jaayegi. 40 years later, haseena's bahu finally said yes
chetan_bhagat as viru asked thakur in sholay: koi puraani dushmani? why do you think everything russian is *junk*?
chetan_bhagat seriously, sukhois aren't crap. they are excellent flying machines. best we might have. our maintenance may be crap though ..
what if it had been an official banquet at rashtrapati bhavan for president barack obama ... and an uninvited couple had sneaked in?
who put our president on that plane? and why? plane flew slower than mach 1 and did no manoeuvres... could as well have flown an a320.
and after this hard day's work, the next day, 26 jan 1973, was a rest day.
india scored 168/2 after batting a full day against mcc at kanpur in jan 1973. gavaskar scored 69 in 183 balls. expect at least 400 today.
why doesn't he get that century and allow us to resume normal work?
forget sri lanka. we can't even defeat a jayawardene.
mahela jayawardene is in the rahul dravid class in test cricket. and, like rahul, no unnecessary fuss or drama ...
van persie injured ... who gains from these worthless 'friendly' internationals?
the six phases of tendulkar's odi career 
why don't people take harbhajan seriously? 
lalitkmodi why not consider supersubs? it allows franchise owners to field a fifth foreign player, but only four on the field at any point!
watson finds it elementary in india. 
did we select the best odi team to defeat australia? or the team dhoni likes best?
why do people get engaged and why do they invite me to attend on a sunday morning? and why is this always at the farthest end of the city?
we used to call them 'trainees'. now we call them 'interns'. somehow 'intern' seems more respectable. i wonder why.
could harbhajan become a better batsman than bowler? worrying thought? 
why is 17000 odi runs such a compelling statistic? sure, it's the highest ever, sure no one else will get there ... but then so is 16993.
i know umpires are supposed to be fair, but asoka de silva and steve bucknor are excellent counter-examples.
have speed-breakers ever done anyone any good?
why is no one calling andre agassi a cheat?
i can't decide who gained more from the mumbai-bombay controversy in wake up sid. karan johar? raj thackeray? or both?
ashish nehra most valuable odi player so far this season. 
could the problem be that dhoni wants dravid's batting role in the indian odi team?
two flaws in icc's otherwise elegant rating scheme 
i am beginning to realize how effective and powerful one-liners can be. they convey 95% of the information in 5% of the space.
business is like a boat floating in water. it's okay if failures create a hole above the water line ... but never below the water line!
in business the focus must be on managing risks, not avoiding risks.
when you wish to go down the road less traveled ... there are no clear road maps ... only a few murky signposts along the way.
when you are in a relationship you don't meet half way. sometimes you give in ... sometimes the other person gives in.
if you are too 'green' to pull off a job successfully ... walk away! some day in the future your turn will come again.
tell your colleague that you believe in him. support him. encourage him. praise him. and then watch how he gets magically transformed.
i've checked. when d/l targets are set, nrr is computed differently using par scores.
it'll be funny if d/l intervenes in today's matches because d/l targets and nrr ratios aren't in sync.
did england and nz 'collaborate' to oust sri lanka? we'll never know. but sl would have been much more fun in the semi-finals.
gavaskar or viswanath? 
what exactly is r p singh doing in this indian team? irfan pathan might have been a better choice. both bowl badly, but irfan bats better.
no yuvraj, no sehwag. how are we going to defeat pakistan? sachin hai na ...
arsene wenger is living dangerously. one of these days arsenal will get knocked out of the carling cup by a minnow. but great when it works!
isn't it strange that india should lose a davis cup  match despite having two of the world's best  players?
a lot of people i'm following on twitter seem to have suddenly 'lost' their faces. yes, shashi tharoor too!
bdutt i thought you were full of g, p and c yourself! didn't realize rini simon had such a great voice. today's kids just squeak and scream
such a pleasure to see tendulkar smiling so much these days. now if we could get dravid to smile a little too ...
whoever wins the toss (and bats first) at premadasa almost always wins. with sachin's odi 25+25 innings split proposal, things can even out.
india drop to third place in icc odi rankings. are we talking of a ranking scheme or a game of snakes and ladders?
icc's odi rankings can't distinguish between a worthless saturday win over sl and a valuable monday final win again against sl. amusing, no?
bdutt every school or college i know 'rigs' internal marks. how do we prevent that? how can we now have one comparable metric?
bdutt to replace the big end-year exam, you must have a lot of 'during-year' exams. are our teachers and systems equipped to do this?
an entrepreneur must understand people, technology, marketing, sales ... but, most of all, he must be able to take tough decisions.
so did rooney dive again last night? of course not! he's an &quot;honest&quot; english player.
it's terrible to die in an accident with a vip. you are gone too but nobody except your family seems to remember you ... and mourn for you.
why underwood and why not chandrasekhar? why laker and why not prasanna? why woolley and why not mankad? only englishmen can qualify!
this icc cricket hall of fame is another shameful icc scandal! 21 englishmen, 13 west indians, 12 australians ... who decides these names?
should your enterprise be fully-insured or self-funded? self-funding is better, especially if you understand the normal distribution.
it makes such a difference if the leader is prepared to admit that he got it wrong. he suddenly seems vulnerable ... and so more human.
a comment on icc test rankings. 
philmcnulty bad night for you too, phil? i remember you've predicted that liverpool will be champions this year.
remember sri lanka are winning at home! the icc rankings ignore the home-away factor because david kendix didn't know how to plug that in.
if you win a 2-test series 1-0, it's as if you've won it 2-0 in the icc rankings calculation. sri lanka gain a lot of easy points this way!
we'll just have to learn to live with swine flu, just as we're living with global warming. we can't hide behind masks forever.
i wish australia can draw this one ... i wish hussey gets 199 and ponting gets 99.
the eduardo assist in arsenal's first goal was a thing of beauty. scorching pace and skill! what a comeback after the horrors of birmingham.
the longer pakistan have to stay on the cricket field, the worse they seem to get. that's why they are t20 champs but flops in test cricket.
arsenal's goals were like too many ice cream scoops on a small cone. you can only enjoy that many.
lawro of bbc football thinks arsenal will lose 2-1 to everton tonight. we shall see!
entrepreneurs don't succeed because of superior acumen, but because everyone around them don't have the same guts to take a risk.
akash chopra writes so well that i am almost suspicious ... i mean if it's the same person why didn't he bat at least half as well?
suhasinih loved your blog ... especially that bit about sunbathing in waziristan
when negotiation reaches the dead heat stage, the other side brings in new and complicated financial or legal clauses. don't allow them in!
why pune? its people are prudent and cautious.
sambit_bal so what's your take, sambit? or do you go with jayaditya?
when the england cricket team is good, it's never very good ... but when it's bad, it is truly horrid.
writing a book is much much more work than just putting together a collection of words.
england aren't looking so pretty without pietersen and flintoff. an english defeat would set up a great last test.
to continue with the doping story, read this: 
andrew_me but i completely agree ... better training and better racquets add a lot. look at cricket bats too ... mishits now go for sixes!
andrew_me i was wondering if there was a mixture of dope too!
d/l made big mistakes in the early years but the icc kept quiet. even recently ... using 50-over tables for t20 targets was blatantly wrong.
reminds me of the d/l method in cricket ... the icc decides that this is the best method and no one's supposed to disagree!
how does wada pick its 'hit list' of smen? is this process truly random? why don't they explicitly explain how it works?
i can't decide if the media hype on swine flu is a good or bad thing. and why is no one talking of tb which kills millions of indians?
it's always puzzled me: how have women tennis players turned so strong so suddenly? today's unseeded girls seem stronger than chris evert!
will wada be really fair to asian athletes? most international agencies pretend to be fair but always seem to favour white smen.
we often talk of the high risk of taking a risk. but what if the risk of not talking that risk is higher?
given a choice, should the leader choose to be 'right' or 'effective'? i believe it's more important to be effective.
all smen take dope ... only some is 'allowed' and some is 'not allowed'.
arshavin is pure joy! two goals in the last 4 minutes as arsenal defeat atletico madrid. if only arsenal get a drogba or a torres ...
terrible to see england playing so well against australia. now they'll brag about it ad infinitum.
every team an iaf plane crashes you feel extremely angry and pained. can't we do better? did our young pilots really have to die?
judge someone by his lifetime body of work; not by one or two data points. think of the complete gavaskar, not his wc crawl or mel faux pas
when will prem panicker's bhimsen appear as an illustrated, bound volume that i can read on the upper berth of udyan express?
why does arsene wenger like to be fourth best?
why is writing a book so difficult and writing a blog so easy?
