should pause the work on my project. time to have breakfast. very hungry.

the most attractive employer in india! http://t.co/dTaPT2N5

yahoo made so many awesome web products. it started going down when it stopped innovating.

whew. power back. can start working on my project now.

hmmm. this bing desktop app is decent.

 want. when will lumia 900 start shipping to other countries like india?

 good morning! :)

 lol. no thanks. :D

enough of twitter. finding it difficult to study.

luckily, i was advised not to go home and bring back my windows phone. would have been heavily distracted by it, now during exams.

 enjoying the rain?

i wonder what is the point of studying all this if i am not able to write it in the exam within the given time. :-/

they should give extra 15 minutes in exams for slow writers like myself. :P

only solution is to listen to music from my comp. :-/

this random music from the 2nd floor of my hostel is at a perfect sound level to keep me disturbed. neither too high nor too low.

 point taken. :)

 news source?

going to change my approach to studying. will first finish studying the summarized version in my notes and then read the textbook. #adbms

adbms

Bayern hs bn knwn to b involved wit charitable ventures,helping other FC's in financial disarray as well as ordinary people in misery. #wiki

wiki

my support for today's match: Bayern Munich.

 :D

slowly getting into knowing more about football clubs. looking out for a team to support.

And both, dropbox and skydrive allow you complete control over your files. they remain yours and yours alone.

Not to mention that Google can use all your files in whatever way they want. Google has surely become evil with its terms n conditions.

Google drive's 5GB looks stupid in the face of 25 GB offered by Microsoft skydrive.

they effectively shared the cost of the patents  and both of them can use all those patents under a licensing deal. nice.

Microsoft selling many of those AOL patents to facebook is a good move for both of them.

synset in nltk is awesome!

want a python interpreter on android. how difficult will it be to implement? hmmm...

i want to sleep. :( but no power in hostel. might have to sleep in clc itself.

i don't think i will be participating in topcoder srm's in a long time. the last 2 were hard enough to make me lose my interest.

there. another huge drop in my rating.

 nope. i am no way consistent.

wow. whatte result. failed system test. :-/

there is no such thing as too much internet.

 based on text mining, sentiment analysis and twitter. :)

 windows phone development is good. i feel that it is easier and better than android to work with. i haven't worked with ios though.

i think that there is no point of waiting for this topcoder srm results anymore. it could take up the whole night.

moral of the story: speak up if you don't like something. u might come under heavy fire initially but u'll finally get what u want. :)

there. issue solved. classmates shifted their mokka posts to another new group. :)

will the central lecture hall complex be open for students in the mornings too? i can come here and work on my project tomo, then.

and i have been waiting for this for more than an hour now...

omg! it seems that the admins remembered to click the &quot;system test&quot; button only a few minutes ago! is this even true? #topcoder

topcoder

first they set problems that require 3 nested for loops and now they announce that system tests are slow. a link between the two, perhaps?

this is bad. system test results have not yet been updated. the situation has been like this for the past many srm's. #topcoder

topcoder

quantal quetzal??? seriously?? this is going downhill since the last 2 releases.

stupid classmates spamming all over the facebook group.

irritating classmates. jobless people.

very tough topcoder matches lately. dunno what is going on. number of solvers has decreased a lot.

at least i solved a problem. but wait, let me see whether it passes system tests.

wasted &amp;gt;45 minutes on one &quot;+k&quot; bug in a tc srm!! :(

i want a bot that listens to ur problems, gives solutions, makes u feel happy once again. why? cos most people are epic fail at such things.

could not sleep for a very long time yday night and had horrible nightmares during the one hour that I slept. #fail

fail

it is amazing to know what extent people can go to, in trying to defend their ridiculous behavior.

power cut. lol.

looking into part of speech tagging now. strongly feel that this is the most important part of my project.

In the middle of the 7th hour of a 9 hour power cut now. Did I mention that it is 40&#176;C over here?

Honeycomb was an aberration. Android tablets never deserved it. ICS is so beautiful on my tablet! Its just perfect on screens of this size.

 i do agree that oracle is being a patent troll. but what google did was plain foolish mismanagement.

 don't u think that google is at fault? they took something that is free for personal use but used it for commercial purposes.

conclusion: i can't make a nandroid backup on my tab until i free up a lot of space.hmmm.

my reason why i am not buying a ticket to google i/o: second week of office at microsoft &amp;gt; google i/o

even though i qualified, i am not going to buy a ticket nor do i want to go to google I/O this time. http://t.co/tQ8SQCkw

very bad day for my project, so far.

not forgetting that argument and holding on to that memory is even worse.

my view on michael clarke changed immediately after the first wi vs aus test match. that guy is one awesome captain!

and the first one on that list would be aokp, of course.

tempted to begin trying out custom ROMs on my galaxy tab 10.1 as well.

damn. almost forgot that i have a few deadlines to meet, today.

oh well. i wouldn't be spending 900$ (plus more for travel and acco) to visit google i/o anyway.

i hate these power cuts. :(

lol at the mail discussion among iit-m profs.

wow. i thought my college admin is bad. iit madras admin seems to be worse.

the problem with my studying style is that i tend to start all over from the first, every time i sit down to study.

mokka authors. talking about black holes enveloping the earth and destroying all the data in a text book.

i hope there isn't a power cut at 9.15.

3 types of storage - volatile storage, nonvolatile storage and stable storage. #adbms

adbms

i think i will study for my exam tomorrow before working on my project again.

i have ended up writing a bit of ruby code and getting to know that i might have to learn a bit of perl and snowball as well!

this is going crazy. i thought i could do my project in java, python, c++ or some other language that i already knew.

 you awake? one doubt in rts portions.

How much has wb actually improved under the new cm?

Of course, I was not referring to any elder sister of mine in the previous tweet.

Bratty, immature and just plain intolerant. #didi

didi

bored of reading already. guess i'll work on my project for a while now.

reading the output returned from a twitter api call now. so much data! makes me feel wow!

the twitter api kinda returns a comedy xml though. wonder why hastags have an extra &amp;lt;text&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/text&amp;gt; tags around them. hmmm...

random powercut. :(

can retrieve 3200 tweets using my ruby code now! #relieved

relieved

 tc

i thought that at least round 1c would be easier. :( this is insanely hard!

exhausted! :( but i knew that this would happen.

 thanks! :)

codeacademy is easily the best place to learn coding for beginners.

very important day tomorrow. google code jam and topcoder open round 1c.

 your thoughts on the newly created Microsoft Open Technologies?

Sweet in mess today for Tamil new year http://t.co/JqE1L5rV

when will my wp7 ever come? :(

always felt that people who can paint are v interesting people. good job google. more of them will be known to the world now. #artproject

artproject

wondering what this google art project is.

 ok.

even  feels that my room feels stuffy and hot.

I woke up now and felt just the same. http://t.co/seseHn7S #feelingthesameasameme

feelingthesameasameme

Challenge accepted.

Trying out bubbly. This is kinda cool. Listen at: http://t.co/JRxpywSC

Wow! These prickly heat powders really do work! #summerheat

summerheat

Can tweeting about studies actually help in studying? #importantkoshchin

importantkoshchin

 announced where? anyone from our wing?

Lol. Coin attracted to a magnetized tester spinning crazily in front of a table fan. http://t.co/UcJaB2Pn

i am going to change.

this is crazy. power is back. what is going on?

power cut again.

so, google+ has something that looks a timeline too.

the google+ plane never took off and it has burst into flames already.

lol. what happened to the interface at google+??

muhahaha. power back.

no water in cooler. dying of thirst and dehydration!

what the hell! power cut again! i dont want to live in this stupid place!

I just love the keys on my l lappy http://t.co/OTI28Ke5

Dear fan. Y U NOOO SPIN?  http://t.co/evQJ5aOH

outrageously funny!! http://t.co/8gYmVpWG

realized that some users do not want to believe that every piece of software runs on code.

Extremely dehydrated. :(

Friends doing what they usually do http://t.co/VCarFYWf

laptop low battery. i think i'll study something from my tab now.

 LOL!

using my table fan again. yay!

successful project review. :) our hard work paid off. yay!

time is 10:07 am #uselesstweet

uselesstweet

i'm impressed with the content-price ratio though. #funbook

funbook

lol. this funbook pic shows IE as an app. but the fact is, there is no IE on android! http://t.co/9gDHYEpX

realized that it is always best to be neutral towards companies, platforms and all kinds of software. #onemightneverknowhowtheychange

onemightneverknowhowtheychange

after all, project is for 6 credits (=2 subjects) and each review is like a CT. better to focus on it now.

i think i will concentrate on my project for the next 2 hours and shut down my laptop before the power cut begins.

was looking into codeplex now. i think i'll rather wait for it to gather some momentum before hopping on to it.

now that i have decided to become google-neutral, i am now moving my codes from http://t.co/VxKtMI8w to github.

 ok ok. :D

 summa da. Leela, ht, ssk, msb and a few other profs had a meeting. That's all.

couldn't resist taking a pic of this conversation :D http://t.co/jFtLPfne

 :D

My precious http://t.co/r0FgTbGl

Random window http://t.co/xqGFj8I8

wattabottle http://t.co/dlwljqZl

'Maad'ern college http://t.co/0Pre27NO

looking into powertop now.

having green font on a black background does not make one a 'hacker'.

some secret meeting of the 'rebel' profs going on.    plz note.

damn. the ideapad yoga is priced at 1900$!! that is way too costly. :(

and that of course means that i can be on twitter as well. :P

trying to download ieee papers related to sentiment analysis from college lab wifi now.

Last 1.30 class ever!

fb should have produced an instagram rival last year itself. approx 30$ per user on instagram to buy it out.

That was a great session with my project team mates! Feeling confident about my project now. :)

 u submitted?

 when submission? Tuesday only, right?

 yes da. :(

omg!!! completely forgot!! have a huge assignment to finish!!

kalaai max! :D http://t.co/hZiwvG91

waiting for lumia 900 to start trending on twitter.

 all of us suppli then. :P

there. perfectly caps a horrible day. didn't get my windows phone today. missed most of csk match. couldn't study properly. flopped tc now.

solved the 250 extremely slowly! worst performance ever. no time to finish 500. #tc

tc

sadly, i slept off and missed round 1a.

topcoder open round 1b starting in a minute.

 monday morning.

 oh. ok ok. thanks da. what else news? when is project review? this thursday, friday?

 ok. thanks. how were the ct questions?

 what to study in rts and adbms? the portions discussed on the fb group?

 need help about what to study and how to study.

 machi. need help about ct da.

 no idea da. came back yday night.

Cleant it in spite of my mom's protests. Works without a noise now. :) yay!

For so many months, my home pc used to whine and groan so loudly! Opened it, found that there was dust accumulated on the fan.

Dad singing http://t.co/yOrcVHOS

 do blog abt it da. Want to do the same.

Chuck this stupid adv dbms subject. Going to switch to rts now.

If there was something that motivated me to study, it was the fact that my friends were studying too. Now that is also gone.

When everyone else was studying, i was enjoying. Now i have to study, when everyone else enjoys.

idlis are best eaten with the help of yoursporks. i just did. :)

Ranganathan http://t.co/uci2ExoY

i frankly don't see the point in dancing. i came here for food. please stop dancing people, so that they van serve us food.

they can force me to the dance floor but they can't make me dance.

can feel the whole place resonate due to this extremely loud music!!! mavane! i am going deaf!

won a Microsoft bottle. yay!

with the new t shirt that i received http://t.co/OioOzmQI

Just posted a photo http://t.co/x9aKO6vK

 at Hyderabad. for Microsoft new hires day.

Hotel Tara http://t.co/vA5n1Js7

Just posted a photo http://t.co/gShkjTtP

Just posted a photo http://t.co/NO5KTYQ2

Just posted a photo http://t.co/iHmqVbEj

First http://t.co/kz1FfgzF

instagram for android!

Hyderabad airport is beautiful!

hmmm. i might be working on visual studio. i might even get what i want, too. get to work on windows phone, perhaps?

in airport waiting for ranga.

Ct 2 over!! :D for me, at least. ;)

 thanks da.

 need notes for central bank da. can u take photo and upload?

Google's Apr1 pranks sound so mokkai.

 why?

my class rep is an idiot.

 galaxy ace.

damn! forgot about today's topcoder match and slept off in the evening! remembered only now!

 apps related to carnatic music. nothing much actually.

damn. i sat down to read about text mining and ended up making a rage comic!

great that the guys at http://t.co/xp3gl9J4 replied. their reference links would be useful for my project. :)

hmmm. what do i do now?

Back to omega. But its v3 now. Blazing speed... :)

Every single fourth year boy must have come to the mess for evening snacks today!! What is happening??

Raining suddenly like a big storm here!!

Missing my phone camera. Moving to omegav3 from cm9.

 totally love this!

this was just waiting to happen. regionalism on twitter.

 it doesn't?? :D

got my flight tickets to attend new hires day. :) #microsoft

microsoft

and i think the best reflection of that transformation is metro.

microsoft is surely transforming.

i hope that i get a lumia 900 when i join office! :D

hmmm.

rapidminer is awesome!

not bad. i am working on my project without getting distraced by twi... OOPS!

was so happy that i was working on my project properly from today. saw that my prof had already mailed me yday asking abt my progress!

 not yet. will be receiving a htc surround very shortly. most probably would be getting one when i join office too.

Nice! Windows Phone was not supposed to get LTE support  till Apollo. http://t.co/ERwI0c76

 ah ha! look at this. http://t.co/FerRJQNL

this is strange. i didn't unfollow anyone recently but when i go visit a few people's profile, it says that i don't follow them anymore.

i used to loathe power cuts when i was a kid. i don't even know what term to use to describe my feelings for them now.

 cyan!

 Lumia 900!!

6 signs Microsoft has got its mojo&#160;back http://t.co/l7zhhKrq

reading a paper titled as &quot;Towards Linux as a Real Time Hypervisor&quot;. interesting.

Temple run is finally here on android!

 or even view it on your pillow cover! :)

 realized the same thing last week.

of course, i'd be getting it for free from microsoft india as part of that &quot;i unlock joy campaign&quot; for developing 4 windows phone apps.

it might not be the latest wp but am still eagerly waiting for my htc surround as it would be my first #windowsphone experience!

windowsphone

 dunno da.

 dunno what will be done.

 ind eco only. he seems to be as lazy as me. :D

 ranga. :P

at least i don't look sincere. :P

just realized that some people are not as sincere as they seem to be. #assignmentteammate

assignmentteammate

ah. the moment i close twitter, the attachment starts getting uploaded properly.

hotmail doesn't seem to be very good in handling attachments. this is so frustrating!

wow. http://t.co/Cb7U5SA1 has improved its website a little. looks more pleasant now.

 Adithya from comp sci. was known as &quot;Mess&quot;.

 doubtful. am a final year at NIT-T right now. got the news from my bro who was 3 years senior to me here at NITT. disturbing news.

 u from NIT-T?

running ICS on my phone! can't believe it!!

finally!!

hmmm. seem to be stuck on the start screen.

wow! the starting animation rocks!!

whew. installed successfully.

60% over. system being installed right now.

flashing cm9 beta5 on my galaxy ace now. hopefully everything should go fine.

the team behind interviewstreet seems to be  doing a wonderful job! can feel interviewstreet's presence almost everywhere now!

and the best part? my rating was as low as 625 at one point of time! :D feels good now.

yay! my rating crossed 1000 in #topcoder at last!

topcoder

166th in div2. hmmm. i should have still solved that 300 pt problem correctly. not good. scope for a lot of improvement. #topcoder

topcoder

Am finally able to retrieve tweets using twitter4j. More hopeful about my project now.

 true that.

damn. cant even update my twitter app settings at http://t.co/vzLIMiUm. keeps saying that Twitter is over capacity.

trying out clementine now.

hilarious! Gizmodo: &quot;we gave people an ipad 2, told them it was the new ipad and they loved it&quot; http://t.co/MPD9xhMd

 http://t.co/JxN4K4pE posting your question here might help.

Intel is going to insane levels to popularize its ultrabooks! Aweome video! Social experiment, it seems. http://t.co/nVX2V0uE

 both. :)

i wasn't surprised by the climax but what happens in the middle of the book.

the secret of the nagas is a good book. of course, not good as a stand-alone book but along with the immortals of meluha.

missed today's topcoder srm because the rooms were full before i could register.

Power cut in hostels. Bed bugs even in AC bus, on the way home. Rotten life.

quality of cricinfo has just plummeted.

&quot;it was destined that SRT wud get his 100th century against &amp;amp; in the country where he had equalled Gavaskar's then-record 34 Test centuries&quot;

Cheap cricinfo. I bet hey would have written &quot;it was destiny&quot; if Sachin had hit the 100th at any time in any place.



 why would people unfollow anyway?

 omg! I think I clicked unfollow by accident! I would never unfollow u on purpose da. sorry buddy.

 hosted at http://t.co/cDSeMaLy

 source code?

 please don't retweet this.

trying to use twitter4j now.

lol. those guys have used the same BGM in their promo trailer as my coll guys did, for pragyan. #copy

copy

kuruksastra?? seriously, what kind of a name is that?

 sure! :)

back to reading about my project.

omg. i totally forgot to let twitterverse know about my new android app. here it is. Bunk Score. https://t.co/AmqBZ5S3..

Things seem to be changing at Google. http://t.co/Z1Aw9Ey1

there. topped up using freecharge.

 not from this semester.

feeling very sleepy.

 lol.

its 4.30! yay! running off to mess. #thathungry

thathungry

 naanga nambuvom. avanga nambuvaangalaa? :P

 lol.

as a student developer, i honestly think that developing for windows phone is much easier than developing for android.

will give myself an hour to finish this app.

hmmm.

hungry. :-/

 dunno. not very clear about what the msg exactly means.

 dunno. not very clear about the msg exactly means.

my previous tweet is the msg i got from airtel. shortened to fit within 140 chars, of course.

Ur Twitter on USSD wil b renewed in nxt 3 days n u'll be charged Rs5 for 5 days from ur airtel mobile account. To unsubscribe, dial *515*22#

wth! has airtel decided to charge users for using twitter through sms?? 5 Rs for 5 days??

i wonder where i misplaced my data cable for my phone.

first, got to finish that bunk score app.

 :)

 i found most ebooks too difficult to start with. i started with those tutorials at http://t.co/LBq5LZyW.

that beard gave him that thalaivar status. #baasha

baasha

it is time i admit on twitter that i have watched #baasha only once ever in my life. thalaivare, please forgive me.

baasha

 no. :(

twitter, Y U NO showing #basha as a trending tag??

basha

programming isn't just a skill. its a way of thinking.

 nope. not at all.

 don't worry. use the right earphones. *trollface* :D

#CLT Sitapathe by Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer

CLT

one simply doesn't wish chuck norris belated birthday wishes.

72 years ago, Chuck Norris decided to let humanity know his presence.

 true.

 :P

 been using that list for almost a year now. :)

i don't even know why i typed the above tweet. am very jobless, i guess.

cow and dog fighting near the dustbin near the mess. visible from room.

maate maladwaja in khamas ranks as one of my favorite songs of all time.

   so what shall we do about the tweetup? what shall we discuss about?

   check this out. https://t.co/JF5UZBLj

 will let those guys know. :P

 why so? why not a different model?

hmmm. looking into twitter4j now.

i hate it when klout makes me tweet stupid things to enable me to complete quests.

According to , my Klout score is 51. How influential are you? http://t.co/ZETS90eO

first step. data retrieval. get me those tweets, i say.

will get started on my project now.

still waiting for my new windows phone 7 device. hope i get it at least by the end of this month.

running ubuntu, win 7 and win 8 consumer preview successfully on my laptop now. #tripleboot

tripleboot

this Boot-Repair script suggested in the Ubuntu FAQ is amazing! recovering my ubuntu grub became a breeze after installing it.

This is new to me. Never knew that power goes at 4.30 am as well. #sleeplessnight

sleeplessnight

900 kbps. good.

   so what's the plan?

great! my blog http://t.co/45cyhq7N reached 15,000 views! :)

&quot;So dude, what's the new iPad called?&quot; &quot;...&quot;

Lol. I bet no blogger or tech mag guessed this name. The new iPad, it is.

The fact that there is a bias against giving respect to female people in the Hindi language speaks volumes about the people who created it.

 many bugs fixed. new features added. i heard that something like more than 100,000 changes were brought about in the code.

 honest suggestion. don't join my college. we are having &amp;gt;10 hours of powercut daily from this semester.

 AIR 1100. Tamilnadu state 28.

 NIT Trichy.

 nice. :)

 21. you?

i wanted to upgrade that windows 8 developer preview in my third partition to consumer preview. forgot. will do it tomo.

, your Klout Score is decent (I'm a 51). Check out your  profile today! http://t.co/DP3WPElP

I just completed the Connect all networks quest on  Join me:  http://t.co/LjHpRIDg

 would've retweeted that if not for the expletive. relatives following on twitter. :D

  apple innovates. samsung copies. developers make it better. consumers benefit.

  in brand power? surely! :)

  if people researched, they would go for the one with the better config. but they don't research.

  all those depend on the trust of people on apple. they dont research about products much.

  i strongly feel that companies keep releasing products. so the &quot;Best Product&quot; title shifts back n forth. natural. :)

  the original tab is nothing short of disgusting. the 10.1 is really good. maybe the ipad HD will trump galaxy tab 2 10.1.

  exactly my point. love for steve jobs, worshippers and fanboys of apple. remove them n its a good product. not the best.

  my grandpa owns an ipad2 &amp; my cousin owns an ipad.i like android as an OS. but the lack of updates from samsung? i hate.

  product brand, advertising and fan following contribute to sales. if u compare them feature by feature, d 10.1 is better.

  as long as there are communities away from the control of manufacturers and google, i am happy with android. :)

 i don't particularly hate apple. just that my wants aren't exactly oriented with the devices that they make. :)

  one need not even root an android phone to customize the looks of the OS.

  i know about jailbreaking but android, by default provides thousands of launchers and apps to substitute system apps.

  i chucked that slow, laggy ROM on my android device and installed a custom ROM. better speed, battery life, etc.

 it is very smooth. trust me. i love apple for its innovation. but i feel other platforms provide more control for the user.

  i feel customization trumps everything else. android allows a lot of customization. iOS doesn't.

 i have loved the look n feel of mac os x. but i could make my ubuntu completely look like that. #customization

customization

 s2 is light in weight. some ppl like the plastic feel n some dont. the bigger screen is awesome too!

  Galaxy Tab 10.1 vs ipad 2. i have used both n felt the tab 10.1 was better. it has better camera too.

 brand building? Yes. But best product? no. Samsung beats apple there.

Samsung is crazy. Launching so many Android phones. No brand building at all.

Google doesn't care about users with slow internet connection. Market/Play n Google+ are perfect examples.

WHY THE HELL IS THE MOBILE VERSION OF THE HINDU WEBSITE DISPLAYING FULL PAGE POP UP ADS???

Although i don't like siegler, this article is good. RT : The iPad HD Sucks* http://t.co/ZDM8wyUl by 

Wow! RT : Nokia Lumia 800 update reportedly triples battery life http://t.co/h2KrVle4

If only students spent half their time of watching movies and taking photos of themselves, in writing programs...

Realized that I tweet more during class hours than my free hours.

Google play??

  remember discussing this? someone already has done this. http://t.co/Ad4E45UH

Good to hear that Congress is performing poorly everywhere. :)

and with that adapter, i am able to connect my USB keyboard to my tab and tweet, just like the last tweet and this one too! :)

how could i be so careless? found an USB adapter for my galaxy tab 750 in the box that it came with, while searching for something else now!

key lime pie sounds worse than precise pangolin! what's with the ridiculous version names everywhere??

 u should see their fb profile pics. 

 we should. but i think we dunno how to get it. just feel that some1 should point out how we go abt doing it.

    whom r we against? it's not that some1 is holding on to our power n not giving it to us.

 i didnt buy it. The wifi-only model was released in india today.

Slept almost the whole day n feeling very groggy now.

 it's just a wifi model. yeah. sad at that price.

 the asus transformer prime android tablet.

Wait. So the transformer prime in India doesn't have 3g support? That's epic fail at that price!

I think I'll sleep again. Too tired to go have lunch.

Luckily, I didn't wait for it and got a Galaxy Tab 750.

Omg! Just woke up to the news that the transformer prime is coming to India for a ridiculous price of 50k! Who will even buy that??

 hey, can i join u for ind eco assignment?

So hot here in college!

No balance, no signal for internet connection, no electricity, extremely hot weather! This is horrible!

Love the ASUS padfone video. Great to see how the industry is moving.

Hindi classes at last.

When will I get to drive???

Omg! In the middle of a hilarious adventure right now!

:P RT : Match interestingly poised

Driving test gonna start.

 thank you! :)

The day has finally come. Driving test day. :)

Yay. Am a full-fledged XDA member now. Reached 10 posts. :)

Yay. Won a TopCoder T-shirt. :)

khamas is one raagam which i'll never stop loving. reminds me of my childhood, learning music from my mother and grandmother.

power back.

 LOL! 

What a Year&#8211;XDA Portal Turns Two! http://t.co/31HYz3dE via 

 read your mail now. shocked to know! some of us were not organizing this year. I hope the organizers respond properly.

 thought so! :D what about YOU? ;)

 it is 'laugh' in tamil. :D

 even the blank slides? :P

Omg. Even after being told that Gayle's slides are available online, my friend was able to point out a girl who was taking notes down!

This is unexpected. Gayle Laakman's lecture is boring.

Everyone here at #pragyan enjoying Mike Brown's video conference. 

pragyan

Mike Brown has a fitting twitter id. 

Wow! Narendra Nayak is ripping into Sai Baba, Amrita lady, Sri Sri Ravishankar and Baba Ramdev in #pragyan!

pragyan

 all of us here in Pragyan are enjoying hearing u talk. :)

Getting to know more about the favorite person I eagerly watch on TV! 

Having a wonderful video conference with  (Jeff Lieberman) at #pragyan!

pragyan

Awesome time lapse videos being shown in Pragyan!

Tweetcaster for android tablets is super-awesome!

Stupid team at info desk. Announcing wrong timings for events. #pragyan

pragyan

 tweetcaster pro is my favorite!

geeklist is really awesome. must start using it properly from now on.

the way my distractions have moved. reddit-&amp;gt;twitter-&amp;gt;xda-developers.

 :D

 I got placed before I applied to start a GTUG. :P simply involving myself in tech stuff as much as I can. :-)

 yes. in last July. thanks! :-)

finally! after nearly 7 months of waiting for that mail from Microsoft, got it today, at last! :D

 heard that cm7 doesnt support ace properly.

 awesome speed da.

running a custom ROM on my phone for the first time! and its the super-fast OmegaRomv2 for the Galaxy ACE! thank you !

Sweet,  and  are giving away 4 Galaxy Nexuses and 4 Transformer Primes. Wish me luck! http://t.co/jH848zeM

the extent to which people would go to promote their college fests!! some guys are adding their fest's name to their facebook name!

 wanted to ask you this for a long time. was the pragyan promo trailer your effort? brilliant da!

to think that i might be able to be calm and enjoy life after my cycle tests. this is much more hectic than i thought!

hectic day! no sleep at all. :(

i hope this doesn't turn out to be a 'taking the horse to the water' story. must wait and watch.

 some random hindi actor/director who makes a fool of him on twitter. 

 lol! :D

was planning to do it yday night in the bus, but i was so tired preparing for the cycle tests that i dozed off.

finished updating necessary stuff right now for the android dev camp of NITT GTUG chapter.

good morning tweeps! hectic day ahead!

 Galaxy Tab 10.1!!

I just unlocked the &quot;Bender&quot; badge on ! http://t.co/pHiftufC

I just unlocked the &quot;Campus Explorer&quot; badge on ! http://t.co/lgaxkLkR

I just became the mayor of Mechanical department on ! http://t.co/yoXHgeAo

I just unlocked the &quot;Crunked&quot; badge on ! http://t.co/FpA0NN4Q

I just unlocked the &quot;Overshare&quot; badge on ! http://t.co/0Xnkbxdl

Trying Vlingo for twitter.

I am a noob when it comes to custom ROMs. What does the latest blogpost on cm9 actually mean? How do I compile cm9 for my galaxy tab 10.1?

I just unlocked the &quot;Super User&quot; badge on ! http://t.co/a0GV72Nh

I just became the mayor of Pearl hostel on ! http://t.co/YTRJXqLG

I just unlocked the &quot;Local&quot; badge on ! http://t.co/nV1ruwBE

I just unlocked the &quot;School Night&quot; badge on ! http://t.co/D0p4azov

Omg! What an unexpected adventure! Back home at last.

Back home. That was one of the most decent journeys I had, in a long time. #nobedbugs

nobedbugs

And the protagonist of the series surely resembles my uncle.

My favorite character from the series? The janitor!

And this scrubs series gave me a great insight into their lives! Loved it.

I wonder how medicos become who they are. They are awesome!

 ac bus.

I just hope I don't get a fever.

There is only one person in this whole wide world who will never hurt u. And that's yourself.

Yay! Jadeja namakke!

This is so comfortable! Studying in college library with my tablet connected to the internet using college wifi.

I just unlocked the &quot;Bookworm&quot; badge on ! Long live print! http://t.co/H56nJVp0

I just unlocked the &quot;Explorer&quot; badge on ! http://t.co/X5lkXFJa

I'm at Mega Mess 2 w/  http://t.co/rmZl1JNR

 how?

No power. No water. Waiting to get away from this place.

 dei. Its not an elective for us da.

http://t.co/6LtUzhwM throwing Missing X-TransactionID header error.

Why should a comp sci engineer know about all this industrial economics nonsense??

Dear prof, is it ok if I stop writing notes n start tweeting about it instead?

Bunked the first class today to spend time writing code. :-P

And the best part was when one random student came up n told that I drove nicely.

Yay! Done. Drove from BHEL to mech dept in coll. :-)

 lol. Within the college campus. Talking about these mad trichy roads now.

Should hopefully get a chance to drive on the road today. :-)

That's it. Enough working on that app for today.

My previous tweet shows how headlines can be so misleading.

Meet Bill Gates, the Man Who Changed Open Source Software | Wired Enterprise | http://t.co/9yM9sACl http://t.co/a9bUjsnA

what exactly goes in those chinese facilities: http://t.co/vPVY7ePw

apple is so disgustingly evil that they don't mind inhuman conditions of workers in china assembling apple products.

oh my god! #3wordstories

3wordstories

 take care da. btw, i personally use those himalaya's septillin in case of throat infection. v effective for me.

 what happened da?

from now on, i promise to make a conscious effort to not loathe anyone, fight with anyone or hold grudges against anyone.

Got a new watch n flute! Yay!

that's it. i have decided to concentrate more on my project from now on.

Indha pic badgeukku onnum korachal illai.

i wish ravi shankar sir was here on twitter.

Lol. Comedy pasanga. Spelling mistakes on such a poster.

damn. this means that i can't write android apps until i get back to college. #everythingbroken #needtoupdateeclipse

everythingbroken

needtoupdateeclipse

fletcher must go.

 oh. ok ok. thanks. :)

 done. :) thanks.

 doubt. what is #CLT?

CLT

Back home safely, at last.

Omg! They are finally here!.bedbugs!

Phew! Got out of the traffic jam after nearly an hour!

So much traffic near the toll gate that they are sending off all vehicles w/o collecting any toll, to clear the traffic quickly!

 read toi.

That news about the mad bus driver? It will henceforth be referred to as Swargate-gate.

Oooh. RT : Larry Page To Googlers: If You Don't Like 'Search Plus Your World,' Hit The Road (GOOG) http://t.co/Ya0dPzjH

 still in the bus. :D

Changed my place once again.

 doesn't seemto be.

Omg. He is sitting next to me again and is trying to start a conversation with me now!

Can't switch on gprs to risk draining out my battery completely. Only twitter SMS can keep me awake now.

One thing is sure. I won't be able to sleep with this suspicious character around.

I changed my seat back to the front. Let's see what happens now.

After a while,this guy comes n sits in a diagonally front seat. N starts glancing behind to see what I am upto.

After a while, I said that i am going back n went n sat at the back.

He came and sat down next to me when the almost all rows behind us were empty.

He took some ticket for 120 only which means he'll get down somewhere on the way to Chennai.

Fishy looking character in the bus.

As usual, my phone's battery drains at the start of my journey.

Off to Chennai. Hope to have a safe journey.

These power cuts should be banned.

Tweaking my galaxy ace to look more n more like a wp7 phone. Love it!

This industrial economics class is a waste of our time.

Glad that my teammates accepted my project idea. Hopefully everything should go on smoothly.

Glad that I rooted my phone. Removed some useless apps today.

Awesome lady's fingers in mess today!

Hmmm. I thought I'd want to take a break today. But no. I think I'll go n code now.

need something to drink. parched!

successfully submitted my 3rd and 4th wp7 app today. should wait and see whether they are certified or not.

could not upload as much details as i wanted. shortened it and submitted. too exhausted to complete it fully now.

4 over so far, 150 remaining. Need to speed up.

Here goes, the countdown begins from 154 now.

So, that's decided then. Retiring from college gully cricket as well. No proper ball, no proper rules. Too random for my liking.

After what seems like an eternity, finally got the app ready. Submitted now. Hopefully should get successfully certified.

6 left.

Should ensure I go to sleep properly in the night n not doze off abruptly, like yday.

Hmmm. &quot;Google's earnings disappoint&quot; while &quot;Microsoft's quarterly profits exceeds expectations&quot;? Sign of changing times?

More importantly, I need breakfast.

9 left. I need a break.

7 out of 18.

6 out of 18 done.

Omg! This coffee tastes terrible!! Feel like puking!

Freezing cold outside! According to trichy standards, of course.

Sigh. Finished only 5 out of 18, so far.

Off to driving class now. First day. :-)

Whew. Procedures over. Off to college now.

Waiting in rto office now. Gotta wait till 12 for power to come back, it seems.

 at NIT Trichy, my college. Has never been so cold here, before.

Damn. Both, gprs balance n talktime balance out. Must top up today.

hmmm. need more ideas...

should start work on my final sem project soon.

Damn. Tubelight gone in my room.

Can't believe that its so cold here in the campus!

this just took less that &amp;lt;60 seconds. #rootinggalaxyace

rootinggalaxyace

damn! am on a 7 match losing streak. life sucks! #chess

chess

At 35th Chennai book fair now. Wondering how my mom convinced me to come here.

 true. but depends on whom u watch along with.

feel like punching myself in the face!

 liked ur article in Business Insider on why windows phone will be a success.

 a close family friend died in a road accident. he must be only 29-30 years old. got a wife and a daughter.

 a few things. voter id card, college id card, atm card and some cash.

i thought yday was terrible. today seems worse.

new day, new beginning.

One hell of a night. Tortured by bedbugs for the past few hours.

 yeah. :-(

Disastrous ending to a lousy day. Got pickpocketed in local bus!!

And here it is. Carnatic Quiz app for Windows phone users. http://t.co/Cy6sv0XC

opera seems to be crashing frequently for me. need some other browser that can support slow net connections properly.

that carnatic quiz app has been successfully certified. waiting for it to become active in the windows phone marketplace.

hello twitter. am back.

Library is v nice. Best way to spend an afternoon.

brought my spectacle case to coll only to find that my spectacles aren't inside. left it at home. :(

my fate is sealed. going for two tech electives.

Damn. All the good electives are getting canceled. None of my friend seem to be taking the same choice of electives as myself, too.

 ok. :)

 sure. do I ask them to contact through twitter?

 this summer. am placed in microsoft on-campus, actually. would be interested in an internship.

 sorry. saw ur tweet only now. college re-opening tomorrow. so, leaving tonight. can i know more?

most importantly, i want to become more consistent in coding.

enough resolutions about my food intake and health. have taken a few about coding now as well.

some ppl don't deserve even a little help. because they'll stab u in the back, anyway.

Expected. Got terribly low grades in the two most randomly corrected subjects. Stupid correction.

irritated.

i don't understand. shouldn't a company that helps other companies in their hiring process follow the same hiring process??

 v nice dp da! :)

too many tutorials available for developing windows phone 7 apps. finding it difficult to choose the best among them.

kutcheri buzz published a small text on my Android app in yday's issue! http://t.co/uVTqrgTo  via http://t.co/DE4Akmwl

today WILL be an eventful day for me. so, i don't think its a new year yet. i want to enjoy this day too.

i dont understand. many ppl dont seem to think that december has 31 days. #newyearwishes

newyearwishes

good morning tweeps.

 not yet da. waiting for gokul.

why isn't any1 posting the actual results on facebook??

frustrating! more than 8 hours spent on this stupid thing! i give up!

 something similar da. but its pretty stupid.

wth! downloaded 78.6 MB out of 100 odd and it just froze!! next download available only after half an hour.

sometimes ur best intentions are misunderstood.

damn it. cook didn't turn up today. no proper tiffin. can't go out and buy too, due to this hell of a downpour!

stupid windows! doesn't even allow me to change file permissions properly.

sutham. rooting is going to take at least 3 days with this net speed.

i think tonight will be the night when i root my phone. i think it'll take more than tonight to download the necessary files though.

+8. was worth the wait after all. :P

that means my rank is somewhere around 380. oh well.

damn! it seems i flopped my 500pt solution!

that just means i would have to stay awake for a longer time now.

&quot;System test results will be delayed. We'll try to announce them as soon as possible. We apologize for technical problems.&quot; #topcoder

topcoder

lol. this &quot;Value Pack&quot; for Gal S and Tab, 'sounds' silly, although it might be really good.

one thing is for sure. if my rating goes above 1000 today, i'll do a night out. :D

hmmm. tourist seems to be the #1 today, as of now. of course, could Petr be far behind? he's on #2 now.

will do it TRS style. announce my rank on twitter if it is decent. otherwise go to sleep silently. :P

hope i got those 2 problems right.

time for system tests! bring it on! :P

waiting for the challenge phase to start.

hmmm. just one guy submitted a solution for the 1000pt problem in my room.

8 minutes left. oh well. i give up. will learn from the editorial after the contest.

frustrating...

i can never solve these 1000pt problems until i practise more.

hmmm. the next few months will decide whether i want to keep my fb account or not.

almost forgot. topcoder match at 9.30 tonight.

Tab updated to 3.2. Naice. :-)

50% now.

49% of installation done. :-)

Downloaded 3.2 honeycomb update. Updating device now. :-)

3.2 honeycomb update available for my tab! :)

cool. got a pinterest account now. going to try it now.

Hmmm. Time to sit n learn c#.

 oh nice. when is ur date of joining?

 same for airtel.

Opened cricinfo, clicked live scorecard, first thing I see is: Tendulkar OUT! Lol.

 so, where is ur posting? Chennai? Any extra news? Which team?

cool. connectify works perfectly. 

tendulkar &amp; dravid: 49th partnership of 50 or more in Tests.

hussey seems to be troubling the batsmen.

hmmm. no century in this test match so far.

poda hilfenaus. not out.

lol. now i see posts ranting abt the kindle fire. lol again.

the most common reply why ppl don't adapt to a new platform: &quot;others aren't on it&quot;. #linux #g+ #wp7

linux

g

wp7

dropped thrice?

&quot;just because others do it&quot; would be the lamest reason of all time.

 no. i never backed up all phone contacts to gmail da.

 yeah! still haven't finished deleting contacts starting with 'A'!!

realized that i had synced my google+ contacts along with their profile images to my android phone. that explains y phone memory got full.

yay! shifted old photos from mob to comp and freed 700mb on sd card.

paruppu saadham at pathu mani pm.

 dei! its super awesome da!

 wow! congrats da!! kalakku!!

 damn! sadly yes.

expecting a dravid, sachin and a ponting century. come on!

 nice one!

does anyone else think that the galaxy y ad looks stupid? #overacting

overacting

Created my own Android app and launched it on the market. http://t.co/FZQht9QE

 true. its too early.

that must be the second time today that ponting lost his balance after playing a shot.

 don't u think he is struggling against those balls outside the off-stump? he might edge them any time.

if  is awake at odd hours in the morning, go check ur tv. there must be an awesome cricket test series going on!

ponting plays football to keep the ball away from the stumps.

all australian batsmen struggling against bouncers.

umesh strikes again! marsh goes for a duck!

Warner gone!

Yay. Covers are off once again.

I just watched one ball! Damn! Rains.

 thanks! :)

for those who missed this tweet earlier: to all carnatic music fans who own an android, i present you this. http://t.co/RaIEv4qq

I still love how dickens portrayed scrooge.

Today is christmas? Bah! Humbug.

about right time too. power cut now.

should keep improvising it.

there it is! finally on the app market. available for download. https://t.co/ldgwSGrQ

typed 100+ questions and answers for the app! fingers paining. must take a break.

i just left my seat once to drink water. must've been 5-6 hours of continuous work from today morning.

it is undeniably a mokka app as of now. but at least, the first version is ready.

have never worked this hard in my life! the first version of my app is ready. learning how to sign and upload in the market.

what a terrible start to the day!

 lol. will surely get to know tomorrow then. :) good night.

 ok. :) btw, i follow ur tweets regularly but do not know ur real name. can i know now? :D

 great! am attending ganesh-kumaresh concert at 5.30 am tomo in panchamuga anjaneyar temple in mylapore. will be in academy at 8. :)

 i would like to meet u tweeps interested in carnatic music. am one too. saw ur timeline n realized that there seem to be many of u.

 u were there? i thought amrit's lec-dem was good too.

why the hell am i so inconsistent in coding?!!

ganesh-kumaresh concert in that anjaneyar temple tomo morning at 5.30! yay! i remember how wonderful it was last time!

awake at last!

so, here i am, beginning work on my final year project.

as said brilliantly by my friend, when u don't know what to do next, do the job that u will have to do for sure, anyway.

update for my rapidminer tool? u must be kidding! i downloaded it this morning!

Both lec dems were awesome today! Totally worth skipping today's srm.

Never did I know that Umayalpuram Sivaraman could be so witty while speaking!

&quot;Every rhythm has a counter rhythm.&quot; - Trichy shankaran. #ethirnadai

ethirnadai

Not because I follow the thanjavur style of playing, but I personally don't like how the palani style sounds. #mirudangam

mirudangam

had to choose between today's tc match or the lec-dem on &quot;Sri. Harishankar style of khanjira playing&quot; by Sri. Amrit. chose the latter.

i don't like it at all when more than one interesting event happens at the same time.

hmmm. realized that i might not be able to attend today's tc srm. sigh.

good morning tweeps.

 del. Google for the apk file. Problem solved. :P

checking out the google currents app now.

first time i see so many of my friends talk abt something related to google+, after the first week. #schemer

schemer

 check HK's fb post.

 ask  da.

 woah! when did this release? never knew about this.

my grandma's feedback after listening to kola veri: &quot;dhanush has sung well. he has maintained shruthi properly.&quot;

i wonder why ppl like foursquare. hmmm.

back to using macbuntu.

sigh. still haven't found an driver update that fixes my touchpad on windows. i don't want to resort using a mouse.

Removed my mobile cover n been like that for the past one week. This feels much better.

sony pix must be having some deal with the producers of the Resident Evil series. daily some movie from that series.

but that is more related to ppl involved in a medical profession. i think i'll go ahead with my idea.

a brilliant idea struck me. when i googled abt it, sadly someone had beat me to it. it is this. http://t.co/3w46Sybc

this is the article that i am reading now. really well written! http://t.co/PY8Z44Xj

TIL abt docblocks. nice. :)

going to spend time today on stackoverflow.

Preparing for carnatic music quizzes now. Any suggestions?

omg! never knew that there was a windows phone camp in chennai today. could've learnt something.

RIM stopped innovating over the past few years.

brand value can't stand forever. apple regularly released new innovations over the last decade. RIM didn't.

of course, there is this ubislate thingy but it doesn't even satisfy some basic requirements.

i repeat. kindle fire isn't THE android tablet. its the poor man's tablet.

Playing the khanjira would surely improve my mirudangam playing.

Started playing the khanjira again. So much fun!

Wth! Four 29c passed but not a single 27d!

Second time I'm seeing her!

Jayalalitha in a convoy!

Maayamma ninne now.

As brilliant as ever! Trichur brothers in music academy singing awesomely!

there should be an #IdiotKiranBedi trending tag.

IdiotKiranBedi

whew. xda-developers is back.

Had an awesome day today!

wth airtel! losing money at regular intervals when i am not even using my phone! no call, sms or gprs.

wow! finishing off long pending problems on spoj at a decent rate. happening only after i began to realize that coding is fun.

 accepted now. :) potuko!

 lol. yeah.

 remember that CSTREET problem? there is a price per unit length input parameter called p da. lol.

slept for only 4 hours, walked around for 2 hours n ppl at home are getting angry that i'm not coming along with them to a lec dem now!

Outside kapaleeshwarar temple now. Waiting for our bhajan troupe to start.

 +32 :-)

that should have been a flopcoder match as i slept off in the middle of the srm. cant stay awake for even a sec more. good night tweeps.

topcoder first. twitter later.

dad askin for android phone suggestions. does tat mean tat its time to get a new one for myself n hand over the one i have right now,to dad?

bro stopped changing channels n paused on  'oda oda oda thooram puriyala' song. patti asking whether this is the kolaveri song.

lol. every1 in my family getting more and more 'youth' and 'dude-like' these days.

parents and grandparents praising will smith's acting.

omg. almost forgot. topcoder srm tonight.

some ppl are so talented that they are awesome at everything that they play around with. #amazed

amazed

just realized that an android device is more useful for creative people than nerds like me.

nice app discovered by my friend. rangoli kolam on android. https://t.co/Tpb8LTUy..

now is the time i get over my laziness and do something important!

off to music academy canteen with harimanjunathan.

 student. or student at nit-t.

one of my classmate's linked-in intro reads - head of some pragyan event. is that how one introduces themselves to others? find it strange.

reminded of the da vinci code where the thatha says that everyone is entitled to hold their secrets.

RMS is the Karl Marx of the software industry.

the free software philosophy would have died if it not were for torvald's outstanding work.

but it should entirely be the choice of the programmer or the organization.

of course, software can continue to be commercially available too.

just as every1 is encouraged to do social service, every programmer must be encouraged to contribute to open source.

reading a biography on stallman. feel that the open source ideology is more like socialism.

Damn! Forgot to update my gprs pack.

Listening to Bombay sisters at music academy main hall now.

Insane crowd for t.n.krishnan's lec-dem at music academy mini hall! No place to even stand!

another useless day.

hmmm. this twitter 'discover' feature is exactly what i had in mind for my project. gotta think of a new one now.

how much ever hard i try, some things can never be done.

invading other countries, SOPA, tasering, pepper spraying. what next america?

at the end of the day, i'd rather live in a stupid country that i know than live in a stupid country that i don't know.

idiot american congressmen. they seem to be worse than our politicians.

i could also stop tweeting and start working.

i could write some wp7 apps. might help understanding a few unknown stuff. #c#

c

i could build write a few android apps. or spend time on improving the wordpress android app too.

i could start my btech final project. got to read more papers abt data mining tweets, as my proj is related to it! ;)

i could start my preparation for code jam. spoj, codechef and topcoder beckon.

now that there is no answer to &quot;what should i do?&quot;, its time to answer &quot;what can i do?&quot;.

i want to attend a few lecture demonstrations in the morning today.

wouldn't mind if BB is replaced by wp in the 3rd spot.

glad that the trip went without any problems. whew!

back home at last! :)

Cool. Update for my galaxy tab 10.1.

 full freedom. v encouraging.

wow! my prof is super cool! :)

Stupid powercut. Need to stay in the dark for the next 45 min or leave. I'll stay.

damn. just wait for a few months n u get a smartphone with similar features but for half the price. #galaxyACEvsgalaxyY

galaxyACEvsgalaxyY

Stupid powercut!

At kulithalai station now. Which means trichy junction is next. :-)

Whew! Reached station safely, one hour before my train departs.

Yay! Signal, at last!

signal at least now!

Reached munnar safely.

thanks to twitter, I am able to update my close ones with what I am doing.

hope to have a safe trip.

luckily, abhishek bachchan doesn't see my tweets.

r we going to kochi or directly to munnar? no idea.

the bus starts at last.

typical. arbit stranger sitting next to me in bus.

yeppa, please start our bus. Unbearably hot in here.

That same feeling after I wrote jee n after I got placed. &quot;What do I do from now on?&quot;

and finally, the big day is here. acm icpc amritapuri regionals 2011 contest in a few hours. #amicpc

amicpc

off to the beach, at last, after so much waiting. #amicpc

amicpc

all tweets tagged with #amicpc being displayed here. hmmm.

amicpc

Registering for munnar trip now. #amicpc

amicpc

Practice contest n lunch done. :) #amicpc

amicpc

 not with battery life. but with battery sensors, yes.

At kayankulam at last.

nice weather here. :-)

heard that the battery indicator in unrooted android phones doesn't work properly. should root mine soon.

hmmm. all sabarimala devotees getting down here.

at chengannur station now. kayankulam would be next.

yay. able to charge my phone, at last.

dammit. roaming charges for incoming calls. should remember that.

oops. forgot that battery was low. should stop tweeting. good thing that it has survived the night anyway.

nothing scheduled for today. but I think today will still be good. looking forward to an exciting day. :)

hmmm. train delayed by 1.5 hours. should have reached kayankulam by now. now only at kottayam.

Good morning tweeps! :)

 no 20 print outs for the contest, this time?

 ennadhu? gandhi sethuttaara? :P

opened up cricinfo to find out that jadeja has bowled a maiden now! in this pitch!! #whattaman

whattaman

 i know. ubuntu is my primary distro anyway. had built chromium os on my pendrive 11 months ago, just for fun.

i was trying to remove a problem. the problem itself is solved!!

and it reboots chroimium os again! twitter, facebook and g+ were all crashing earlier. n they work fine now! lol!

enna pa comedy ithu! i format the pendrive through windows n reboot my comp.

reason? can't even update the software in it.

correction. &quot;chromium&quot; os.

planning to remove this 'old' chrome OS from my pendrive.

i am missing #in50hrs again, this weekend! sigh. why do big events combine all the time?

in50hrs

yay! solved one silly problem that had been bugging me for so many days. simple DP but i had been thinking that it was much tougher.

i like this. waking up early and compensating for it in the afternoon with a nap. :) feel so fresh now.

wth! i can't even solve a minimizing knapsack problem. getting errors. hmmm.

i swear i wont play this crazily addicting game for the next 1 week! it is beginning to ruin my life.

since i am in a bad mood, i'll play for a while and then sit and study properly.

what do i do now? surrender to my addiction of playing &quot;dungeon defenders: second wave&quot; or sit and code properly?

i will never be able to look at a computer the same way again. coz everything looks so damn fuzzy! #eyepower

eyepower

my previous tweet kinda summarizes how my life is. sigh...

 thanks! :)

 good morning appa! topcoder match at 7.30 am. that's why. :)

woke up early at home, at last!

my headache might be due to that #IdiotKapilSibal.

IdiotKapilSibal

cooking noodles now. :)

omg!! i have 83 machine learning videos to watch! this is going to take a long long time.

i know some tv serials like dexter are supposed to be good. but no, thanks. i'd rather not waste my time on them.

how much have i lost in life due to my laziness?? more importantly, how much more will i lose? hmmm. need to change. drastically.

omg! i cant even watch a single video attentively for ten minutes! yawning continuously! :P

these videos are split into nice, small segments. just love it! now on to &quot;Cost Function - Intuition 1&quot;.

i wonder how ppl write fast. i need to relearn the act of writing.

hmmm. cost function...

been a really long time since i viewed those stanford machine learning class videos. continuing it now.

worked hard for more than an hour! long time since that happened!

just had an epiphany. what do i really want to do?

 wow! where?

all i do is play games or try to write some code. hopefully everything will change in 2 weeks.

i need to learn to interact with people better. so many years of living through my comp has diminished my ppl skills.

i have become a zombie... &quot;BRAINS!! BRAINS!!&quot;

let me get back to work now.

worst part of waking up after a long sleep is feeling sleepy again.

Operation Die Barbosa successfully going on. #antipiracy

antipiracy

 yes.

I know its going to be difficult w/o those free pirated songs. But I'll somehow manage.

That's it. I have decided. Not going to support piracy anymore. Going to delete all the songs that I have.

guys check out TouchPal.   

where r those sad songs when u want to listen to them?

the worst thing feeling is when ur life sucks n u get to know that its you, who is responsible for it.

hmmm. these school kids are from SBOA.

dear friends, first stop cheating in exams. u can then complain about corruption in the country. #dirtonyourback

dirtonyourback

nice. a lot of school children on a visit to the library. their teachers accompanying them. :-)

lol at kamal hassan's hypocrisy. :-D

 wow! congrats to everyone at ur home! congrats, chithappa! :-)

TIL that AVL in AVL trees stand for Adelson-Velskii and Landis.

Yuvan Shankar Raja brays like a donkey. abaswaram max!

i am qualified to be a Radio Jockey. all i have to do is be my usual self n blabber continuously.

these lights in the library that switch on automatically when someone approaches them are #win.

win

at the same time, there are few ppl who can explain stuff superbly! and  is one of them.

he wasnt even bothered to confirm whether I understood that concept or not.

just read up on a topic that one of my nerdy friends had tried explaining earlier. realized how bad he was at explaining.

Nice songs playing in the radio. :-)

awesome! at last, found some really awesome books on algos in this library! yay!

not able to view the comp properly. need to wear my glasses. finding it extremely difficult.

at Anna centenary library with parents, tweeting from my tab. :P

sigh. ended up watching dbz videos on youtube with bro.

will read that pdf on pattern matching using distributed systems. #readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad

readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad

wth doesn't my twitter follower count ever reach 300? new ppl keep following me, but bots keep dropping out all the time. &amp;gt;290 for a month.

there. have planned whatever i want to do! NOW, HAVE TO EXECUTE MY PLANS!!! AAAAAAAA......... #panicmode

panicmode

got to plan! got to plan! GOT TO PLAN!!!

even during holidays, i panic!

  i haven't still understood what to do for this webinar thingy.

spoj servers seem to be responding too slow today.

good morning folks. long time since i woke up this late.

this dungeon defenders second wave game on my android tab has been downloading stuff from the net for nearly a day! before it can start.

 most probably going tomorrow with bro da.

never knew this! hover over the audio icon in the gnome taskbar and scroll using ur touchpad. the volume will change accordingly. naaice...

  lol. #whattaman jagi.

whattaman

 lol. no da. wondering how to solve a particular problem that i am facing. i solved it earlier. don't remember now.

 done. http://t.co/bkNMFQJp

hmmm.

off to inox to watch tintin with bro.

 rumors r tat they r selling it at a loss. they aim to make profit when ppl buy amazon stuff through it. u didn't knw that?

 what no content? lol. what r u saying da?

 not exactly. now ppl think amazon is the only contender to apple. samsung and asus beat the shit out of both.

 lol. oh yeah. they NEED an iPad. alright.

 please call!!

  ppl buy an iPad bcoz they don't go to the market searching for a tablet. they want only an iPad n nothing else.

 its just $199. why else do u think ppl were buying?

 reviews say that there is no obvious difference in the speeds.

 because its cheap da. u r talking as if other android tabs don't even have an android market.

 dei, those amazon apps are android apps da! amazon didn't create those apps.

 dei kindle fire runs on android da.

  there is nothing professional about tabs. they are mainly for consuming multimedia. play games, watch movies.

 that's exactly my point. u don't suggest ppl go buy something w/o giving an overall comparison. u r misleading them.

 no. the reviewers don't give a damn about android tabs. ppl aren't aware of what's better. most sensible ppl go for android

 kindle fire is no way a match for ipad2 da. and some android tabs are better than ipad2 too. i don't get u. wt u saying?

 and u don't suggest someone to buy something w/o comparing to the rest of the available products.

 not exactly. reviews were out long back. this is not the usual this-vs-that comparison. its buy this vs buy that.

irctc - &quot;Service Unavailable&quot;

as usual, irctc throwing up problems.

i think i'll root my phone before these hols end.

most of these blog articles about the ipad2 and kindle fire seem like paid articles to me. and they end up misleading everyone.

comparing the kindle fire with ipad 2 sounds ridiculous to me. maybe not to everyone though. there are better android tabs that beat both!!

good morning everyone! :)

lol. wait da worst fellows. i just love this waiting game! :) super build-up!

what should i do today?

its really dumb that ppl rate ipad 2 &amp;gt; kindle fire &amp;gt;&amp;gt; anything else. and that's what i call stupidity is.

never underestimate the stupidity of people.

 Harvinder Singh is actually Ricky Ponting in disguise. push then, slap now.

seriously, ndtv. is a 30rd yr old guy referred to as a youth?

want to badly see a pic in which officer pike and sharad pawar are together. #macecop #pawarslap

macecop

pawarslap

chocobar! :D

time for a little codechef now.

done. replied to the 3rd person too. now to contact one important person.

second person contacted too. now for the third.

done. first person contacted. now for the second.

there. second done too. while i am doing the third, i have 3 ppl to reply to.

there. the first job is over. :) now for the second.

why twitter actually helps me: i imagine tweets to be slots and i manage my work in between them. how's that? #slottedaloha 

slottedaloha

hmmm. i am clocking my all time high in typeracer but the whole thing leaves me v unsatisfied. off to those 3 things now.

hmmm. 3 things to finish in the next half an hour. but before that, typeracer!

realized that twitter actually helps me manage things.

after so many days, nay, months, i have never felt so inspired to get back to coding!

for 7 days out of the past 9 days, I've been waking up at 4. tomo also same. #exhausted

exhausted

 its really good da. the tablet experience. i wouldn't be able to compare tablets, but this is realy good!

wow! this tablet experience is outrageously good!!

got into bus at last!

wow! 21g! ...going in the other direction.

waiting for 21g now...

nasty auto driver. kalaaichutarama! po po.

I expected jayalalitha to have replaced these bed bugs in tnstc buses as they were present during the dmk regime too.

&quot;tambaram tambaram!&quot; ok ok mr.conductor, I am awake now. been awake almost the whole night.

I wonder why I should pay so much for a seat when they can't even keep it free of bed bugs.

why is my phone battery draining like crazy???

some things happen. some things don't. life is one strange game.

the bigger ur plans are, the harder they collapse.

those idiots at facebook seem to have deleted my account!

will be off twitter for the next one week. so then. ta ta. bye for now. #exams

exams

Good morning twitter! :)

haven't studied this sincerely in years! feels nostalgic.

will stop studying for the day, spend time on twitter for a while, and then go to sleep.

 noooooooooooooooooo!!!

#machanIf there is 'parsi'ng, then why isn't there any hinduing, musliming or christianing? #runsaway

machanIf

runsaway

but with the state of my stomach in recovery mode, i dare not try anything ambitious!

hungry! right time to go munch on something perhaps?

there it is. one of the &quot;jayalalitha extra-special&quot; powercuts to her loyal citizens. :/

 how will you verify that it is allowed in the court? don't want you to get into trouble.

 love your tweets. please keep us updated.

oooh. its analysis and synthesis phase. and not synthesis and optimization phase as i thought earlier.

and there'll be a powercut in 10 min. darn.

operation: dist-comp. duration: next 2.5 days. resource: brain. target: these ebooks. will i succeed? let's go! BHARATH MATHA KI JAI!

 thanks! :)

the best part is, i wouldn't have bought a tab if i knew earlier that i wud get selected. now i'm selected and i have bought the tab too! :D

my belief in God just shot up to a new maximum! :D

woohoo! selected for the next icpc round. :)

it is during powercuts like these that i wish that i had my galaxy tab 750 with me. can study from it anywhere.

cha. i have begun to complain a lot. who's to blame? not me. :P

anirudh24seven

first, flipkart sent me a faulty tab. then icpc amritapuri ppl haven't called r team. &amp; nw i realize that LFY hasn't shipped my t-shirt yet.

receiving poor service from different organizations for no particular reason. :(

three cheers for ! they delivered the replacement galaxy tab 750 today! but i'd have to wait for 2 weeks to use it though...

 although the tab is in good condition, one of the samsung seals were broken again. but the other seal kept the casing closed.

 i got news that the replacement Galaxy Tab 750 arrived today and its in good condition. thank you. :)

 my tip was published in the Tips and Tricks section last month but I was never contacted for the T-shirt. Can u look into it?

 as always, i would suggest vim. but u might have to install a few plugins too, to make it more convenient.

need a break!

wow! twitter introduces something new after a long time. Activity! :)

omg! big news! teams from r coll ranked behind us r getting calls from acm amritapuri ppl. y haven't we got any, yet? wil v even get a call?

there. cleaned my room. washed my face. prayed for a while. lit an agarbathi. gonna start studying now. :)

should stop trying to go to sleep and start studying

wth! i shouldn't feel sleepy now!! what's wrong with me??

twitter and reddit don't prevent me from studying. they prevent me from dozing off.

even though I didn't get my tab, had a jolly, happy weekend at home. :) was worth it.

 are funny tweets on juniors allowed? :D :P ;)

 how have u prepared for compiler lab exam da?

 i faced the same problem too. but strangely, when u go to d market and lookup google+, it shows an update option. updating nw.

damn. everything going totally the wrong way.

which also means that i've nothing else to do but just shut up and study

so, although they were v nice and immediately ordered a replacement, it still means that my plan to get it by this weekend failed.

just went and saw in my flipkart account that they had placed an order for the replacement. dunno when i'll get it though. mostly tue/wed.

had a perfectly bad day.

 1 of ur executives said tat a replacement would be shipped tonight &amp; i'll get a mail regarding it. haven't got it yet. status plz?

they understood that i had a genuine problem and agreed to ship it by tonight itself, even though it is a difficult procedure! wow!

omg!  service is truly awesome! they have agreed to ship it by tonight itself! brilliant!!

 i can take pics of the screen of the tab that i received and send it across if you want. if that will help in any way...

why? why does this happen to me???

next 2 days hols as well. so, i surely can't get my tab before leaving home. and i'll be back only on the 23rd. which is upsetting... :(

kinda heartening to realize that their customer service is good. but some mistake somewhere and i'm the one affected by it. :(

they were kinda surprised that the seal within the flipkart packaging was broken. i am surprised too! some1 has packaged a bad box.

got another call from flipkart. they have agreed to look into the issue. but not possible to get a replacement by today. :(

 i dont wanna take this with me now da. its not a new order. its a replacement na. need to give this back to get a new one.

bad bad day...

that means that i wouldn't be able to use it until my sem exams get over and my hols begin! need not have come back home this weekend. :(

have contacted  customer service who duly apologized and agreed to replace it. but wouldn't get a replacement until tuesday. :(

and the tablet's screen has a few marks on it too! never expected such a poor service from !

ouch!! after hours of waiting, i get a galaxy tab 750 box with broken seals from ! shocked!!

 not yet. the chennai flipkart facility has received mine a few minutes back, though. courtesy: track ur shipment feature.

 32k in flipkart.

 i think interviewstreet. 

 galaxy tab 750 (10.1)

back home :)

signs of tiredness creeping in

meanwhile, iris is still up n running. :P #siridown

siridown

mokka pasanga. they complain abt the coll n claim that they want to leave it asap n now they talk abt senti feelings! #hypocrites

hypocrites

lol. hearing news that siri is down! :P

hope flipkart doesn't be over sincere n deliver my tab tomo itself. I don't want my bro to open it before I reach home.

ppl dont understand the meaning of a choice. u can choose to stay or leave. just dont stop others from leaving.

i don't understand when ppl complain to me when i criticize some1's views. they can have their views. so will i, about them.

soooo confused now! mind not working...

some indecent ppl opposing the new director's move citing pragyan, nittfest, symposium and senti feelings!!

new director therikka vidaraar! piri man! so many changes coming about in college!!

distributed computing, it is.

wow! a guy from  just called me now to confirm my order. nice. :-)

guess, i'll go have my first proper meal of the day now.

ordered a galaxy tab 750 at last, now. :)

sigh...

hope I don't doze off now n miss my exam.

feeling feverish too. kinda scared. this shouldn't be happening.

argh! why doesnt everything happen the way it is supposed to?

didnt have breakfast or lunch today. why then is my stomach paining?

now for the 'creative' part. meh.

google doesn't seem to give a damn for users with slow internet connection.

 ordering it on flipkart tomorrow. will most prolly get it by this weekend then.

got that creative writing assignment to complete now.

the first thing i'll do after getting my galaxy tab 750 would be to test the wordpress app n start working on it!

 same here

i m writing an assignment with the help of the light from my lappy because of powercut. somebody give me a medal please.

woke up from an extremely long nap. which means that i've got to start on assignments now.

there. much better now after wearing my glasses.

having more problems with eyesight. guess i need to start wearing my specs more regularly now.

seri. washed those clothes now. what do i do next?

am so absent minded. forgot to dry those clothes that i had soaked yesterday morning! they stink now! :(

 hope u know about the oil slick problem with so many galaxy tab 10.1 models globally. what abt the ones available at flipkart?

twitter on opera turbo mode keeps getting reloaded again and again, making it nearly unusable! i wonder why.

now that galaxy tab 10.1 is in line for ICS update, i'm surely gonna get one within a week!

 hi. wouldn't it be a long time before Asus Transformer 2 (Prime) launches in india? what will the tentative pricing be?

 what u doing da? i m v bored.

as  rightly said, i feel a myriad of emotions every instant.

it is mildly surprising to note that we came extremely close to solving one more problem in both contests.

 no no. just realized that i had stopped coding for myself &amp; was just trying to win contests. gonna change tat attitude. :)

 dei dei. i am talking about coding/programming da!

 ?

 lol. that's the source. but that isn't the reason. :)

ah. inner peace at last! :)

the next few hours will determine my actions for the next few months.

sigh...

 my spider senior surath (ex-presi) got placed in google today! :)

 i didn't miss anything important today, right?

Immortals of Meluha was a worthy read.

got a lot of work to finish by monday. i better start today.

the nitt gtug website is up! http://t.co/ZSHtIRKA

 yes da. am coming only tomorrow.

argh! just found out the mistake made in problem E of amrita icpc online round! stupid mistake in logic!  

well said. #ubunturage http://t.co/gpEYRX1E

ubunturage

extremely irritated. but I'm not leaving home tonight. get lost college!

damn. my class rep tells me now that there is a submission tomorrow! I hate my college!

 oh. that's the only reason is it? then I surely want to bunk tomorrow.

 nope. I didn't. y u leaving today then? I was thinking of bunking tomo but haven't decided.

  what about compilers program? submission tomo right?

vim golf! :) http://t.co/V67merA9

 when u going to college?

is it my slow internet connection or are there any problems with the #NokiaWorld live streaming website?

NokiaWorld

wth! the #nokiaWorld live webcast page says that webcast limit has been reached! i cant view anything. this is stupid.

nokiaWorld

that was one extremely long nap that I had! slept for so many hours!

and of course, happy deepavali!! :)

so tired! wont be able to stay awake even for 1 more minute! good night everyone! #exhausted

exhausted

have requested for a better url for the nitt gtug website. meanwhile, the unofficial url is: http://t.co/UPWwDerO

photos on gtug website have been uploaded. :)

i shouldn't be tired now but i am. every1 at home already gone to sleep.

working on the gtug website now. uploading the gtug kickoff photos to the site as well.

i give up. i am not going to download ubuntu 11.10 now with this slow net connection at home.

this tiwary fellow has no control over his bowling. tossing up diwali sweets for the english batsmen.

 personally, i don't like unity or gnome-shell but i heard that 11.10 provides a better experience on netbooks than 11.04.

downloading ubuntu 11.10 now. planning to put it on my pendrive and test it out on my mom's netbook and show her how awesome ubuntu is. ;)

india needs a wicket. quick.

 exactly!

its been a really long time since i bought some book. especially a comp sci book.

got myself a jeans pant for tomo and a few books on comp sci as well. :)

back home after shopping. :)

 did that loooong ago.

oops. spent all my time on google+ now. got to start.

going to attempt a few problems related to segment trees now.

woke up at last!

I prefer g+ over fb becoz I can hv healthy discussions on technology on g+ while friends n relatives on fb think tat i'm spammin their walls

 what plans for the day? :)

back home :)

 happy birthday da! :-)

was made to shift to the adjacent seat with problems in my sleepy state. woke up now n politely asked him for my original seat. he agreed.

checking twitter through sms.

 machi, noone in our wing n ur clothes and umbrella seemed unsafe outside. have put them in my room.

who's going to watch the new srk movie? No.One. 

 don't worry. ur team itself is a joke. :P #justkidding #runsaway

justkidding

runsaway

 doesn't it even cost the usual rate?

been an extremely long time since i had a decent internet connection...

 thanks. i think i'll wait.

i think i should go and sleep once again now. feel as if i bumped my head against a brick wall.

2 hours of powercut over. when will the next one be?

what a dumb government! we are having 3 times more power cuts than what we used to have!

 when in india?

 i have been eyeing the galaxy tab 750 (10.1&quot;) for a long time now. shall i go ahead and buy it?or should i wait for an ics tablet?

power cut?? now?? why???? :(

yay! power back!

damn!! powercut! won't come back surely for an hour now. :-(

 dei, i meant study for tomo's exam da. mobile computing.

time to get up and study

power went at 6 am. :-/ hope it comes back at 8.

it says that my prev tweet was through ubuntu. oh well.

what is this twitter client? gwibber? just found it in my panel bar.

 disable. u can hide them. that's just abt it.

 both the have the same low baritone kind of a start. :) 

1440 twitter users make an eench. :P   

shhh apple fan boys. its our turn now. #android

android

Tango supports video chat in android phones with just a camera at the back!

 congrats!! :D

iris is awesome! for those who haven't used it, it is the equivalent of siri on iphone, for android. and it was built in just 8 hours!!

 love the tune. :) #kolaveri

kolaveri

 I find so many ppl around me use :wq for save and exit, instead of :x. How do I effectively convince them to use :x?

does a concept of exploiting sms's to compromise mobile phones, exist? 

 kili-tas.

Hard earned parottas

when they ask me why I got low marks, I'll point a finger and say, &quot;these buhari fellows pa. go on. arrest them.&quot;

these buhari fellows are worst, I say.

is back to my usual abnormal self. :P

dunno what to feel. :|

 i want to do something about it!

 am so pissed off that we might not make it!

 is selection for on-site going to be the 1st team from each college and then rank-wise allocation if slots are available?

sigh.

&quot;only  can come up with awesome anagrams&quot; is an anagram of &quot;only  can come up with awesome anagrams&quot;.

.   skype, viber, fring, nimbuzz, tango and so many other options. what do we go with?

.   i would at least need such an app to contact u ppl w/o knocking on your doors everytime.

      we need not pay these carriers if we wanna call each other.

.     http://t.co/xdmlNbuE

.      http://t.co/xdmlNbuE

dear friends w/ android, y don't we all start usin some phone-call-thru-internet app like skype, viber, etc? wud be gr8 if all of us hv it.

Opera, both desktop and mobile is built for the masses.

that was one insanely long nap that i had.

love the vishnu sahasranamam recitation by T.S.Ranganathan. awesome voice. spiritual feeling.

 ?

wud like to knw wthr thr hav been incidents where &amp;gt;1million ppl using GSM roaming mobiles meetin up in a location hv crashed a VLR. 

dear iPhone 4S user, if u bought it just to be in an 'elite' crowd, u sure are arrogant.

Damn these powercuts!

gave a 2 hour talk on android at nitt-gtug kickoff event now. abt 100 ppl turned up.

nitt gtug successfully started off today!

NITT GTUG Kickoff event today. gonna give a talk on Android.

 someone will fork it da. if noone does, i will.

 what???????? nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!

 no option for gnome 2 classic?

coughing like crazy!

 awesome article!

  #dell

dell

websites need to provide something between actual websites and a mobile site for users like me on a slow internet connection.

in fact, i/o operations aren't natively supported by c.

many updates to Ritchie's death with a printf statement. on a different note, printf isn't natively supported by c, right? we need stdio.h.

All I can think of now, is food. Off to grab something to eat.

using free wifi from clc now.

what a stupid boring class!

couldn't go less than 303 bytes. hmmm...

i give up! i can't write the soln in &amp;lt;256 bytes.

these problems are so hard that even the editorials for them make little sense!

 thanksu pa!

My tip got published in this month's lfy magazine. I remember sending it in months ago!

ah. last bench after a long time.

no water anywhere? that's insane!

 voted now. :)

not feeling productive? start studying for exams. your productivity in other activities would dramatically increase.

Dart! #google

google

woke up at last!

 tried the android yoga app?

What everyone is too polite to say about steve jobs. http://t.co/FF3ljxGR

 it used to be. long ago, march used to be the first month of the year. jan and feb were added later. sept=7 oct=8 nov=9 dec=10

 oops. thursday perhaps?

 will intro to android be enough? planning to make it short and simple as all of us have CT's next week.

 they expect us to conduct a kickoff session before wednesday. i think we'd be able to do it.

 will tuesday be fine? We need to get permission for venue n put up posters too tomo. suggestions?

 suggestions for gtug kickoff event?

Thank you  for the private beta invite! http://t.co/1GPO8eU9

. is brilliant!

Am watching that recording of Dalai Lama &amp; Desmond Tutu hangout now. http://t.co/kwPhdAP9

 btw, i want to know which book to study compilers from.

 this might be a bit long. u can just skim through though. http://t.co/x3MIHPfi

 it IS tough. but spending time with it improves your style of coding in procedural based languages.

wow! the haskell session at today's ilugc meet was awesome!

at the ilugc meeting now. was discussing abt scalable systems earlier. discussing about RoR now.

Samsung and google postponing their conference due to jobs death. Apple themselves wouldn't do such a thing.

  getjar \m/

 http://t.co/woaM7zL4 makes typing easier and quicker!

i think i'll attend the ilugc meet today. its been a long time...

 tried SwiftKey x?

   SwiftKey x is super awesome! Free on getjar!

my brother  is still active on orkut!

got my gsoc t-shirt and certi now! here's my certi. http://t.co/4qc3vWF4

 nice. :)

 never! i say, never!

omg! woke up to the bad news now. RIP Steve Jobs. :(

why do i prefer twitter and google+ over facebook? because most of the posts on fb are not even worth looking at.

some ppl will watch any form of cricket. even something as bad as a champions league match that doesn't involve any of the teams u support.

golden rule on the internet: never argue w/ morons and noobs. oh yeah, moronic noobs too.

Gaah! Exaggeration! Y.YOU.EXIST??

if this goes any further, i am gonna start a series of guest rage comics.

my mom interrupts my 4 hour sleep and asks me to get ready to meet navarathiri guests. one more reason for me to dislike guests.

Johny English Reborn is one awesome movie! Enjoyed it with friends. :-)

 exactly!

and after so many months, apple comes out with a copy of samsung galaxy s2.

nice that express avenue provides free wifi for 2 hours.

 does the movie at EA plan still exist? plz keep me updated.

good morning tweeps. :-)

a third yr just now came up to me and asked authoritatively whether i was a second yr. bulbed him with the truth.

gonna reach central bus stand, trichy.

just like every centOS fan would be happy with a redhat release, i am happy that iphone5 is coming. #android

android

&quot;a faceless enemy is the most dangerous.&quot; #apple

apple

&quot;there are so many awesome open source projects online that, to simply waste one's time is a sin. go contribute!&quot;

when will google come up with an equivalent of amazon silk?

its fun to travel as long as u dont have to drag a strolley along.

 #f8fefc? (tumblr's)   

f8fefc

gotta go have lunch but this lathangi piece by U Srinivas is holding me back. #whattaman

whattaman

 can't read the text clearly though. color of fonts can be lighter. 

      be at irc://freenode/nitt from now on. we'll chat.

twidge is written in haskell. must learn haskell then.

huge weekend coming up. from tomo till sunday. #dussehraholidays

dussehraholidays

good morning folks! :)

what a day! got flamed by almost everyone!! :-/

checking out twidge once again.

this month is gonna be big. last shot at ACM ICPC.

 did you check ur room number on ur door? i changed it today morning. :P

 where are you?

and of course, a good amount of sleep can lead to happiness too. :P

just re-learnt one important lesson today. happiness isn't always defined by happy incidents. sometimes, peace and calm lead to happiness.

thanks to  for enabling access to ~145 GB of space in my system. :)

listening to Saraswatipriya alapana. never heard this before. always feels good to listen to a new raaga.

shankarabharanam alapana by L.Subramaniam is so comforting and heavenly! :)

Radiance theme in ubuntu is really good. :)

seriously, today has been one of the worst days ever. only good part is, i kinda felt yday, that today would be bad. don't ask me why.

of course, we lost too. but again, that is usual. don't feel that i am worthy of selection. let at least others get a chance.

went to play with a team full of bowlers, never got a chance to bowl, got bowled golden duck. worst of all, i snapped n fought wd d captain.

of course, that decision has got everything to do with me, rather than anything/anyone else. #disappointed

disappointed

worst day of cricket ever! i hereby quit playing cricket at NIT Trichy.

worst monday morning ever!!

clarification: &quot;msp program&quot; meant &quot;applying for msp program&quot; in my prev tweet.

2nd step of msp program hopefully over. can concentrate on icpc preparations properly now.

at code obfuscation finals now. #shaastra

shaastra

of course, it also means that there is a lot of opportunity for the rest of mankind.

have lost hope in mankind. almost everyone wants to #timepass all the time!

timepass

  but why code heavily during powercut/travel. 1 Lappy + 1 netbook seems to be a good idea.

  u guys can get a netbook...

got selected for code obfuscation finals. that means i have to go back to iit-m for #shaastra today...

shaastra

thanks to  for submitting my mobile computing classwork today! :)

keywords of talks that crowds are always attracted to: 1. Hacking 2.Android #lessonslearned #shaastra

lessonslearned

shaastra

insane crowd for the android dev lecture by !! #shaastra

shaastra

 will play maybe after icpc.

at an awesome talk by arvind gupta at #shaastra. this guy: http://t.co/CfbSc97Q

shaastra

ah. this guy is showing why one compromise can bring everything down.

so, he makes a guy click a shortened url which hides a js code that steals cookies. #ok

ok

lol. this guy is phishing some random guy in an ethical hacking lecture! #shaastra

shaastra

wait! this guy is supposed to talk abt ethical hacking. sigh. these things always suck.

why cant these #shaastra ppl provide internet connection for organizers from outside?

shaastra

dumb talk on ethical hacking going on at #shaastra.

shaastra

damn! these idiots cant stop misusing the term 'hack'! #disgusted

disgusted

at iitm now. #shaastra

shaastra

back home! :)

overslept, woke up at koyambedu, caught a bus to t nagar n waitin here now! what a start to the day!

not many ppl in the setc bus that i am travelling in. #thursday

thursday

Off to central bus stand, trichy.

mokkai class. no attendance too. :-(

omg! its gururaj!

decided not to go to shaastra but stay in coll today. few unfinished businesses.

 happens to me almost all the time in this slow, dumb internet connection that i have.

they should declare 10 days holidays for colleges during dussehra and navarathri. can eat sundal at home, then.

insects all over the place! so switched to a dark twitter theme.

how many of you know that NIT Trichy has its own Google Technology User Group from today? join right away! groups.google.com/group/nitt-gtug

Zynga profits dive 95%, no new games to blame http://t.co/UvgWKNcv

damn! slept for &amp;gt;4 hours!!

of course the mobile desktop twitter widget is awesome too!

GO launcher is truly awesome! love the cartoon theme on my android!

pettai rap and urvasi urvasi! #festember #pronite

festember

pronite

&quot;chikku bukku chikku bukku raile!!!&quot; #festember #pronite

festember

pronite

&quot;arabikkadalorum&quot; now! :-) #festember #pronite

festember

pronite

lol. they said they'll sing a hindi song, sang one line, went to english n then tamil now! no hindi! lol. bulb! #festember #pronite

festember

pronite

wth!! what is he singing?? &quot;papa is happy when the food is on the table&quot; ??? #randomsong #festember

randomsong

festember

got into barn after 1.5 hours of waiting! disgusting! #festember

festember

  when leaving for barn?

tried to reverse tether my android. #fail so far.

fail

dozed off for a while...

i dont wear glasses regularly. so changed my profile pic almost everywhere.

 what?

 not got anything to do with padippu machi.

changed my twitter dp to another old one.

had planned to go watch/attend a few events today morning. ended up in spider labs instead...

1.2 Mbps!!

power back. off to spider labs! :)

 will put the source code online of course! :) will blog about in a few hours when I come back from festember...

of course, am a final year student. so noone would depend on me. :D

supposed to help others in arranging events. boring non-tech stuff...

gotta have lunch and leave for festember soon. yawn...

spent all morning w/o breakfast to write a python script to retrieve all 50 odd topcoder algorithm tutorial articles. will blog abt it soon.

at barn hall now with friends. #festember

festember

classes over for the day. yay!

can diaspora make an impact in this world of twitter-google+-facebook?

 why no article on how fb copying most of google+? would love to see one.

never underestimate a product.

its so silent that i can hear  laughing for jokes in the movie that he's watching...

started on 5 drawings for assignment. :-) would have continued if not for this unscheduled powercut...

time for an haircut? yeah!!

 u can set passwords for ur androidAP connection da.

bunking all morning classes today. :P

updating my google+ android app now. :)

horrible timetable for tomorrow. planning to bunk a lot.

problems with setuptools while setting up trac on remote system without internet connection http://t.co/LrjjIu3T

 today's div 2 srm was kinda tough. must practise more..

 :-)

when nobody is nice to you, there is nothing you can do, but just move on. #thathuvam

thathuvam

what can be worse than bad teachers? bad classmates.

11 points increase. ok. i'll take it. at least it has increased...

hmmm. should have started the 900 point problem earlier. seemed easy. wasted too much time on the 600 point problem. its okay. #topcoder

topcoder

reserve your  username at http://gkl.st/2 here is mine http://t.co/JrFB79xL

tc srm 519 in an hour...

hard work pays! yeah!!

they tell me that there is no curd rice after billing me for it! eating lemon rice now. sigh...

learnt something new now. hopefully the first good thing that has happened to me so far, today.

yes!! yes yes yes! understood at last!

ouch. my back aches now.

i wish something good would happen now...

just what i wanted. google search provides results from a few social networks. http://t.co/j4yxzE4D

a bright, wonderful monday morning! looking forward to an exciting week! :)

Damn. My gprs has begun to cost me now. Wth is  happening? Stupid airtel!

had weird dreams. strangely, i think i had similar dreams years ago. good morning tweeps.

opinions change with experience. #thathuvam

thathuvam

'Best apps' is one of the best apps out there on the android market. a must try for android users.

when will i ever learn to not talk to strangers?

facebook is for braggarts. twitter is for chatterboxes. but there is a bit of both inside every one of us.

 windows. open?? oh. u dont mean the OS. let me go back to what i was doing...

cant sms. :-( at least can tweet...

 rameshwaram exp

 piri man da nee. :-)

and rameshwaram exp has started. got my ticket checked now, too.

and that leaves 4 rupees as balance. strangely costing me 1 rupee per sms, now. cant sms any1 too. cha.

 oh. lol. thought u saw me.

 yep. am wearing a grey t shirt.

wth! my current gprs plan is different from my original gprs plan. so 60 bucks detected from balance now. :-(

in one of those nice coaches with power sockets all over the place. :-)

 windows 8?

uninstallation done.

i'm going to say goodbye to this macbuntu theme and return to good ol' ubuntu's 'Ambiance' theme.

 y u so scared? 

YEAHHHH!!!!!! my ubuntu is back! triple booting ubuntu 11.04, windows 7 and windows 8 dev preview now. :)

off to the Startup Center for Mobile Monday on a Saturday. #MoMo

MoMo

damn! i cant even use a computer without my glasses! everything seems more blurred w/o them.

what is happening? seeing more icons on my start menu now. #w8dp

w8dp

good morning tweeps. back home safely. :)

 lol.

 lol. he started the conversation first!

lol. was talking abt android to some random stranger in the town bus to trichy. felt good.

good to see new, clean seat covers on this setc bus. :-)

i want my ubuntu back! missing it already :'( 

 nice. :-) how abt putting it on wikileaks?

 nee verumna paathundu thaan iruppa. 

wait. how is that apps are closing now in windows 8 dp, if i press alt+F4? this wasn't working yday.

feeling much better after that deep sleep... :)

one guy is calling wipro, infosys, cts and tcs as the &quot;venerable big four&quot;!!

 haha. true. not comfortable on desktops/laptops. i was comparing its start menu with older versions of windows. :-)

must've listened to mankatha theme song &amp;gt;30 times since afternoon. too good. thanks to 

like my mob's new screen guard. :-)

haha! 2 of my batchmates professing their love to each other over facebook!

windows 8 might not be the most comfortable or customizable OS that i have ever seen, but it surely one of the best! damn intuitive!

loving windows 8 developer preview on a fast internet connection. :)

is on a photo walk around the campus with a 5mp camera. :-P

 sure! :-)

first tweet from Tweet :)

after 2 hours of chaotic comedy with ,  and finally , got windows 8 dev preview workin on my lappy. :-)

HURRAY!! downloaded windows 8 developer preview. was so tensed that the sha1 checksums might not match! they did! yay!!

 its at 99% now!! :)

I hereby declare war!! on my laziness!!

been a long time since i felt this pathetic!! :|

 if I buy the galaxy tab 750 from your website, how do I avail that vodafone plan?

i really must start solving these 1000 point problems!! not even attempting them... :(

 i think i'll go to spider labs now n put windows 8 on download. will be having lunch at vasantham n will come to class from there.

 ya. its huge! i dunno whether 3 hours would be sufficient to download it with the internet speed over there...

 not yet. it just released a while ago. will do it today. lots of great feedback abt it. tempted to bunk web class today. :-P

lol. smell of books for e-books! :D http://t.co/mq7E7x2

ah. i think i'll replace that third partition in my system containing fedora 15 now, with windows 8 developer preview.

damn. just when i was abt to order an android tablet, they release windows 8. looks very promising, i must say! #build

build

i just love this metro UI!

i was beginnin to wonder why i wanted an android tab. jus remembered that it was because i wanted to optimize wordpress for android tablets!

good morning tweeps. feeling great in the morning after a long time. had a good night's sleep. :-)

for once i am glad that my room is warm..

shipped my gsoc code to google today. yay!

make way for minus! http://t.co/oHavlbe

OUCH! http://t.co/cFPC8eA

whew. just confirmed that today is the soft deadline.

Awesome news abt delicious  http://t.co/Qdr9nv8

i dont want to go to the only theory class of today. boo hoo. #boring

boring

no revolutionary news in tech for the past few days. #boring

boring

there is a huge difference between teasing among friends and slander on a public forum.

 it need not even be written by the same person. multiple ppl using hashtags, maybe?

 no. u didnt get me. a series of tweets that make up a short story.

readin abt data mining. i dont want all info. just want necessary info tht i need frm this book. i.e.data mine this book on data mining.

how about using twitter as a medium to write/narrate short stories? there would be live feedback as well.  

every raagam/song sounds good if the singer sings it that way.

bouli is awesome. kalpana swarams in it are even more awewome.

me thinks tht me will take a break from swype and use the samsung soft-keyboard in landscape mode instead...

This book on How Children Learn Language by William O'Grady is just awesome!

 and  advised me not to have too much of this kesari. I should've listened.

ah. I think I would have to use my laptop today.

Ah. I always thought that no1 looked at this perspective for nlp. But found a book. &quot;How children learn language&quot; by william o grady. Nice.

mobile twitter is faster than twitter apps mainly because u don't see profile pics in it.

 ah. almost. but not for programming purposes...

 topcoder da. was talking about yday's srm.

played games on mobile, listened to the radio. came to library about an hour back. reading a few interesting stuff.

I have challenged myself not to open my laptop today. going good so far.

oh yes. I think I will learn hindi.

 ah. ok.

 oh. I thought the aim was to spread knowledge. cha.

I don't understand. Why aren't all academic research papers available online for free?

why is it that I wake up so late on Sundays? anyway, good morning tweeps.

i am not even attempting this 1000 point problem.

1000pt problems. Y.YOU.SO.HARD??

3 more hits and my blog will reach 6k hits. :P http://t.co/j2gXjeo

ivar apudiye police u. naanga thirudanaama. i need to 'accept' facts aam.  ensuring that justice is served via facebook.

lol at  he doubts my credibility.

Onaan inside spider labs. Lol.

 where did you buy? how much?

The quickest and most reliable way of accessing twitter on my android is the mobile website.

The English cricket team would love the name of the next version of Android. #jellybean

jellybean

time to begin. #coding

coding

 lol. thu.

do indians still watch cricket??

been receiving a lotta visits on my blog for the past few days. naice...

  u disgusting ppl. one placed in an electrical company and another a EEE student...

i increase the entropy of the universe by adding unknown but interesting ppl into my &quot;Random&quot; circle on google+.

wait. i've been spending so much time on google+ that i haven't even noticed twitter for a while now...

 summa verupethifying. :P

 yay!

 awesome da!

I can either continue to laze around in my room like this or go to Spider labs and work properly. I choose the latter.

70467 in racing moto! muhahaha! beat that, !

&quot;yethi yethi&quot; on radio now. brings back first year memories...

Heading to trichy with comp sci classmates for treat.

Yay! Installed Paper Camera for free from getjar! It IS as awesome as everyone claim it to be!

i think my twitter page looks better now :) #allwhite

allwhite

listening and singing along to &quot;mazhai varudhu mazhai varudhu&quot; on infinite loop. wingmates feeling...

I better stop snoozing and start rising... Good morning tweeps.

First we called him Jagadeesh. Then Jagi. And then Jag. Now, we don't call him anymore. :P    

: when u guys leaving?

I love distributed computing but this class is boring...

I wonder how patents are granted to apple for some really silly stuff. Something v fishy...

Restore and Preserve Page State for Windows Phone 7.5 or Mango Phone http://t.co/FRJjEed /via 

is at a new low. fresh beginnings ahead... #hope

hope

either i am missing out on something or people are not listening to me...

i am still out here!

 i want those qsn papers!

 btw, change your username to something else da. please.

 have a look. http://t.co/cUq0ksk

 have u seen videos of windows phone 7 mango? it seems twitter and facebook have been integrated into it! looks good. :)

 how abt creating a distro just for social purposes?

ah.  doesn't seem to be tweeting. and that can mean only one thing. HE'S STUDYING!!!

 specific cd or all cds? which version of ubuntu?

i got a good internet connection now. yeah!

3g connection! Y.YOU.FAIL.ME?

 i think u have given me only one koshtin paper containing 40 koshtins...

 hey. yeah, it was. :)

Off to creative writing 'exam' now...

I don't like these horrible tamil film songs that they play in these buses. That too this early in the morning!

some of my friends are scared/irritated that unknown people add them on google+. and they do have twitter acccounts! #hypocrites #fb

hypocrites

fb

mobile computing is pretty interesting...

 i asked how ur preparation is, da.

Am at chennai occ now. Looking at some very interesting startup products...

 boarded train? How is ur preparation da?

 ok.

 just realized that vasanth's link was the ebook that u had already given to me. ma'am mentioned some other book right? wt abt that?

 12 crore zeros perhaps?

. seems to be studying a lot. no tweets for quite some time now... dei, anyway u r S grade in mobile da.

  lol.

Awesome experience at nerd dinner chennai today!

 yep. he never attended any class though. placements...

And the second event for the day is nerd dinner chennai. am already here. might start in a short while.

I am NOT going to watch another tamil movie for a looooong time!!

i should start studying for monday's &quot;Mobile Computing&quot; exam, now. but i think i'll try to come up with a windows phone 7 app now...

and the first event for the day is mankaatha! booked tickets yday night...

good morning tweeps. :) have 2 events planned for the day...

http://t.co/eEFDD3X

good night folks. not sleepy but i think i'll play around with my mobile before going to sleep. c ya.

dear apple, go die! http://t.co/ZeN9AnS

lol! bing and google plus. http://t.co/Cbs78Qj

and oh, yeah. epic fail today. thought that 1530 UTC meant 11pm Indian time!

back home... :)

samsung launched some new products today. maybe, postponing my decision to buy the galaxy tab was an awesome decision after all...

  refer my prev tweet.

Galaxy Ace - Gingerbread update http://t.co/ZCevKQj

there seems to be only post/site online that has taken notice of the galaxy ace gingerbread update in india! sad...

the world looks much better when u upgrade your android device... have a great morning everyone!

dunno what feels better. gingerbread or triple sixes by dravid...

Yes. :-)

 am now running gingerbread on my ace. :)

yay! heard that gingerbread official update is available for galaxy ace in india now!! woot! 

with toshiba, amazon and sony entering the market, the consumers stand to gain...

reason being, there aren't too many android tabs out in the market yet. more competition means better products and cheaper price.

argh! dilemma max! i think i will wait for a few months before buying the galaxy tab...

offline gmail is awesome! http://t.co/ROVS4jn

Only few hours remaining to convince me to not buy a galaxy tab 750. flipkart's offer gets over then.

Badminton, table tennis, pool and swimming with bro! Awesome experience!

 google+ also supports j,k.

why isn't mangatha trending on twitter?

can never understand why some people do not allow others to dream big. #bro

bro

 if i pre-order the Samsung Galaxy Tab 750 now, when will i get it?

  not exactly. we've just found inner peace...

  ah. that's ok. we know which coll is better... :)

the question is not &quot;will i&quot;, but &quot;when will i&quot;...

romba over! http://t.co/zG4pqSW

must start tracking time.

another reason why working on open source projects are awesome. u get to make good friends like  :)

can someone invite me to quora? #quora

quora

tired. even twitter seems boring now...

Got to start studying now...

Anna becomes an icon, Irom Sharmila forgotten - India News - IBNLive http://t.co/UGKvaVD

 for sms spam, smsBlocker is pretty good.

 thanks! just now saw this tweet. got placed in microsoft about a month back...

apparently there's some random football match going on...

yay! can go study now!

 lol. not yet. ;) :P

 in fact, i was asked to upload it onto youtube.

 and what's wrong with that?

my video for the microsoft student partner program: http://t.co/0FDLoQF :P

sadly, no irc client seems to be as awesome as chatzilla. makes me depend on firefox.

MUST.STOP.SINGING.ALONG! #canthelpit

canthelpit

in love with automata once again! :)

 :D :P

 dai! anyway, gnome2 still rocks! and echofon sucks because i'd have to use firefox.

and i just reached 2000 tweets with my prev tweet! :P

i salute medical students like  who devote their time and lives to the welfare of other people! you rock!!

those students are of course, medical students!!

in midst of all this complaining, i can't help but feel amazed about a group of students. they study and they serve.

i bet some of my classmates are going through prev years kosthin papers now...

 nee vera. i'd be studying for placements now, if so!

t2k is nearing... (tweet two thousand)

i wish companies that we got placed in, could just whisk us away from college right now and take us to their offices...

random songs on infinite loop...

i guess i must stop complaining and resume studying...

 most of them might be studying even now. :(

it is ok with me to study, after getting placed. but i'd want to study something new. not old stuff!!

why isn't 'cycle test' trending on twitter? :|

 have felt the same, over all these years... :|

can't believe that i have to study stuff that were taught 1.5 years ago! unfair! #automata

automata

 of course, if i am really purchasing, it'd be only around december or later...

 galaxy tabs 730 and 750, motorola xoom come with honeycomb. rumors abt toshiba coming up with a tab as well.

 i did. confused over what to buy next. will give this ace to my dad if i go for nexus prime.

 in fact, getting my first android, is indirectly the reason why i'm going for something next. #gsoc

gsoc

 i might not buy at all too. kinda confused. might be receiving a windows phone 7 next year, to add to the confusion.

 :P would be my response. #nocomments

nocomments

galaxy tab or nexus prime?? #confused

confused

 huh?

RT  twitter needs to make tagging not eat up the word count.

wow! the windows phone 7 emulator looks stunning. much better than the android one...

 not if we dunno the answers while giving the exam...

Companies are like political parties. They can become a liability any time. Better not to talk about them at all.

 on twitter? there's an @ Mentions tab below the &quot;What's happening?&quot; textbox. you can view tweets mentioning you, over there.

#ThankYouSteveJobsFor making everyone realize that every little detail on a product deserved the attention of a CEO. http://t.co/RJ7NlMb

ThankYouSteveJobsFor

realized that i've all along seen only from google's perspective. nice one. http://t.co/LL1rOSu #applevsgoogle

applevsgoogle

is now a gsocer... :)

 just saw the news. awesome da! congrats! :)

 awesome!!

 fb - acquaintances

 deadlock

today is friday. which means unlimited payasam in mess. Slurrppp!

awesome weather here at trichy!

good morning tweeps! :)

 that worked! forgot to inform earlier...

that feeling u get when u realize u might have been wrong all along...

NVIDIA and  are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet + Tegra Zone power pack http://t.co/NY3qAtt Begin living life!

cycle tests coming up. will lower my twitter usage for the next few weeks.

 check this. http://t.co/h9jXvD3

when I +1 something, do I say plus oned or plussed one?

am not gonna retweet funny/interesting tweets that might make me lose credibility. gonna +1 them instead.

&quot;Students, take your mobile out n check your IMEI number. Go on, do it.&quot; - prof in mobile computing class

just what i wanted! http://t.co/i8RmWRL 

big news that was made while I was sleeping: Steve Jobs Resigns. hmmm... dunno how to react.

good morning tweeps! classes from 8.30 to 4 today...

 didn't u just have dinner?

 prof who teaches compilers keeps referring to automata all the time. and i don't remember most of it.

is planning to read automata all over again...

 where art thou?

 ah. yes. point taken.

 i meant that this is comfortable too. so, no reason to not expect people to use it.

 viewing conversations, images and videos are v comfy in the web...

got to add new photos to twitter asap!

just saw the time! gotta rush to class. dear followers, u have been saved, if u have not been bored to death already!

Who is suing who? http://t.co/RAZmfJu

Gold: Did You Know You Could Rip Apart Your Computer and Melt the Circuit Boards for Gold? -  http://t.co/b9MqRZK

TIL that djvu is supposed to be pronounced as dejavu. makes more sense now...

ppl ought to realize that the 'good' guys are the bad guys and the 'bad' guys are the good guys. #random

random

if apple acquires twitter, i think i'll stop using it, as a sign of protest.

it seems i have tweeted &amp;gt;1000 tweets through the web interface. atleast one milestone reached before class, today...

ah. according to tweetstats, i tweeted more this month, than last month. and there's still a week left...

i admit defeat. i can't type too many tweets in a short span of time. i'd end up spamming people too.

and more importantly, most open source organizations have really nice ppl with whom you can interact with. #opensource

opensource

just realized that which organization you work for, doesn't matter much. whom you work with, does.

 thanks! :)

i would really like if more of my friends use google+ regularly.

Hamirkalyani is an awesome raaga. #carnatic #music

carnatic

music

Android (Finally) Taking Steps Towards WebKit And&#160;Chromium via  http://t.co/O7Ajxb5

and yeah. must begin studying for my cycle tests too. they start next week. secretly hope that they get postponed...

hmmm. i might have to do a video or a screencast of my gsoc project sometime soon. sounds good. will do it.

just noticed that my klout score seems to be rising quite steeply, of late...

84 tweets in 42 min?? that's 2 tweets per min. don't think i'd be able to reach 2000 tweets before morning class today...

thought that there will be a powercut at 8. nope. there isn't. yay!

 Dhoni's preference: &quot;Veil, of course.&quot;

that completes one hour of trying to stay awake but dozing off. MUST.WAKE.UP!

i'd rather watch india's batting collapse, rather than see sachin score his 100th hundred in a losing cause in this shameful series.

open the innings. hit about half of the team's total. watch your mates get out. carry the bat. follow-on enforced. open the next innings.

can we see a 300+ score on the board now? plz plz.

dravid on 99...

&quot;Dravid might stay unbeaten this innings and have to come out again as an opener when India follow-on. That will require some real effort!&quot;

and gokulashtami poojai is on...

back to the old market.

 microsoft does. :P

 there's an app called smsBlocker on the android market that does that.

lol. hitler and hp. http://t.co/ivRSEY2

wow! just what I wanted! http://t.co/2QL7pZ4

 what is that code in the background?

and why exactly am I not able to follow new people now?

and yeah, good morning folks. awesome weather at chennai...

twitter DOES need to roll out new features. improve lists, give some new designs, improve your people search, DO SOMETHING!!

Dash dot and more - Saar! Auto?: http://t.co/BRS5x9h

should write a twitter bot to find out which accounts are twitter bots.

 lol. where do u search? twitter?

 don't think so. they r emotionally drained after the world cup, kirsten's departure &amp; ipl. he would have taken care of tat.

 really awesome! Clicking on hashtags seems to crash the app, though.

feels good to see some tweets abt myself. :P will retweet them now.

felt good to give a lightning talk at the #GTUGChn kickoff event today. :) #fb

GTUGChn

fb

that was an interesting video session with Shashank from Google. #GTUGChn

GTUGChn

intro time. #GTUGChn

GTUGChn

that is exactly what a service is!

and #GTUGChn kickoff has started.  is delivering the keynote.

GTUGChn

why isn't any1 else tweeting about the gtug chennai kickoff event? #GTUGChn

GTUGChn

its actually &amp;gt; 150 million android activations now. :) #GTUGChn

GTUGChn

they're now playing that &quot;100 million Android activations&quot; video at #GTUGChn

GTUGChn

 lol.

announcement by : #GTUGChn kickoff will start in 10 min. waiting for other enthusiasts.

GTUGChn

the first gtug chennai event is gonna start now... #GTUGChn #kickoff #fb

GTUGChn

kickoff

fb

New version of tweetdark free is much more awesome now!

Am at #GTUGChn now. With my parents. :P

GTUGChn

 is it possible to get tickets for 2 people at the event? I have one and I'd be accompanying them.

 any windows mobile/phone developers in India? whom can I connect with?

fake news: facebook buys palm. all social networks abuzz with 'facepalm' moments. 

google+ completes me.

just woke up now n got to know about HP's future plans. BIG news.

good morning tweeps! have a wonderful day! :)

Conversation with Torvalds. http://t.co/GRySuUY

yikes! already 7 am! i can't stop reading these tech blogs.

not in the mood to go running now. will rather sit in room and code...

 let us wait for it to dawn. we can at least see how wet the grounds are, behind our hostel. that'll give us some idea.

 dunno. the ground might be wet. what shall we do?

good morning tweeps. :)

Long day...

Science: Five Little-Known Inventions From Deceased Robot Maker George C. Devol -  http://t.co/4FPoXTj

haha http://t.co/uw3MDN8

even startup founders give lectures at UC Berkeley. so, my point is, becoming a prof is over-rated. i feel its not worth it.

twitter could do with a +1 button. i wouldn't want to favorite or retweet all interesting tweets.

and  is awake now. can go jogging... :)

Kernel modules must have at least two functions: a &quot;start&quot; function called init_module() and an &quot;end&quot; function called cleanup_module()

 ping me when u wake up. we'll go jogging.

oh, yeah. good morning tweeps. :)

Simply awesome -  and  are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet http://t.co/Spdr4lQ. I hope I get one.

Will Google Lure Microsoft Into The Cellphone Briar&#160;Patch? via  http://t.co/Qsm4feu

&#8220;Defending&#160;Android&#8221; via  http://t.co/sqemUm1

something great is gonna happen today. i can sense it.

Apple&#8217;s Evidence In European Galaxy Tab Injunction Was Seriously Misleading&#8230; As In&#160;False via  http://t.co/ebuFmyP

 which one?

 he got placed there? or is he our campus representative?  

 what is this about u and directi that i hear? 

THE TRUTH ABOUT THE GOOGLE-MOTOROLA DEAL: Google Had To Do It--And It Could End Up Being A Disaster http://t.co/2UP6cXV

today's google doodle suddenly seems to look more like the motorola logo now...

maybe microsoft will acquire nokia now.

awesome news for google and android fans: google acquires motorola!

gonna make dosas of all varieties now... :)

eight tweets make a twyte.

 what u upto, today?

good morning tweeps! :)

dad sure needs some rest now after driving for so long. as usual, i slept off during the boring parts of the journey. so, feeling fresh! :P

gosh! that trip to surutupalli was long, hot and tiring but it was fun and exciting at the same time too!

back home at last!

Off to surutapalli now.

finished gayatri japam now. :)

its my dad's bday today! happy birthday !

 lol. what happened to gayatri japam? when u doing it?

 its ok da. good morning! :)

i am NOT supposed to feel sleepy now after sleeping for such a long time today afternoon!! but i AM feeling sleepy...

 u awake?

 its goosebumps da

games on google+ are awesome!

time to rebel.

dang! slept for 4 hours again, in the morning!

happy aavani aavittam folks! just got back home after poonal changing ceremony... :)

why do i feel tired already? i must have slept for at least 3-4 hours today morning...

lol. even  has a klout score of only 84.

disgusting sehwag.

 u sure? i doubt it.

i just love typing nonsense on twitter!

klout is not a game, my friend.

hope to work on something related to twitter sometime soon...

 dei dei. too much da! :P no football too, plz. :D

can everyone stop talking about cricket for a while? it hurts.

is any1 else having problems on facebook?

&quot;Your account is currently unavailable due to a site issue. We expect this to be resolved shortly. Please try again in a few minutes.&quot; - fb

is on a retweeting spree. if someone is following me on mobile, i'd suggest them to stop it for the next few days... :P #twitter #athome

twitter

athome

 when will samsung galaxy tab 750 (10.1) be available on flipkart?

 finally! the group has been created. welcome, fellow admin.

good morning tweeps! :)

got 20 min left to pack my stuff and here I am, before my comp, tweeting...

going to dosa mela at sangeetha's for dinner tonight. and then leaving for chennai. dear home, here I come!

whew! that was one hectic week at coll! glad that it has finally come to an end... almost.

 windows mobile is over. i think u might be referring to windows phone...

good morning tweeps. another day nearly full of classes, coming up...

Evicted from my room by insects!! Gaah!

 classes seem to be going fast. wouldn't say that about evening life...

fingers and arms screaming in pain! played mirudangam after months! feeling good. :)

The Hindu : Columns / Nirmal Shekar : Dravid deserves greater respect: http://t.co/akWrDII via 

Its important to keep ur ideas under wraps until u implement them.

this is the third continuous day that I am having a nearly-full day at college!! #eksi

eksi

planning to listen to classes from today... :)

 oh. cool. asked because I got placed at Microsoft. was v curious n didn't know whom to ask. thanks anyway! :)

 just wanted to clarify. Microsoft employees have the freedom to use non-Microsoft products like GNU/Linux as their OS, right?

already 11 am! gotta wash clothes b4 continuing work on #gsoc project... :(

gsoc

good morning tweeps! gotta get working. #gsoc

gsoc

 wait. was the accident at sometime around 5pm in ecr road?

shit!! one of my closest childhood friends passed away today evening in a car accident!! shocked to get the news!!! :( :'(

Tired...

 hi. i got to knw abt u in that html5.in conf last year at chennai where u talked abt css3. a doubt. do u work at microsoft hyd?

 enjaai!

i hope that they don't chuck me out because i refuse to use the OS that they make... what am i supposed to do?

 nope. forever GNU/Linux. more of an ubuntu fan actually...

 damn! i never thought my twitter handle that way. i don't use windows... :P

 what is windows xp?? (looks around to see if any1 else knows...)

Yawn! Good morning tweeps!

  jus realized now. even the matrix had agent smith. #justsaying

justsaying

feeling depressed/angry/irritated/tired/sad?? listen to some music!

Awake at last... #goodmorning

goodmorning

feel sorry for mozilla! :( http://t.co/iOGbS46

bot from ur id to tweet greetings at regular intervals to specific people so that they don't feel that u r ignoring them. #ideasfortwitter

ideasfortwitter

different forms of tweets that appear personalized to specific users. #ideasfortwitter

ideasfortwitter

i believe  and  will have more #ideasfortwitter too.

ideasfortwitter

an AI program that tries to determine what ur mood is, from ur latest few tweets. #ideasfortwitter

ideasfortwitter

a programming contest site that takes tweets as input programs for judging. #ideasfortwitter

ideasfortwitter

let me a create a new hashtag on twitter and see how far it goes. #ideasfortwitter

ideasfortwitter

  my reaction wasn't for ur mokka. it was for getting placed in THAT company!

 paappom paappom. either i won't be in THAT company or THAT company would have become the biggest champion of open source cos of me

  angry that i'm being associated with something dumb. :P THEY WILL NEVER BUY MY VIEWS!! NEVER EVER!! NOOO....

my dad  is live on radio at http://t.co/TNHUQix on aboorva raagangal part 2. 90.1 FM.

Fedora 7?? U must be kidding me!

congrats !! awesome job!

life's good when u have download speeds greater than 1.2Mbps.

  wow! congrats guys! all the best for ur next round! u guys will surely get it!

 ok. cool. i'll be going at 10.30. will come to room before that anyway. let me know if u change ur mind.

 thanks da. my phone ran out of charge. i called her a few min back after putting it on charge. thanks anyway. :)

 oh. cool. good luck with second round. :) btw, sp2hari is in garnet tonight and is leaving only tomo. coming at 10.30 to meet him?

 back in room? what's ur interview status?

that's strange. i remember not being able to do an svn checkout from college...

 interviews going on? good luck buddy. :) can u msg me when u r free? want to ask u something.

and the best gift on my star bday so far! commit access to the official wordpress android app! yay!! sign that i have finally grown up!

had an awesome dinner with the legendary !! planning to meet him again in a few hours. he is simply superb! learnt a lot from him.

Awesome star bday so far!!

Going to be the toughest exam of my life...

its disappointing days like these when I feel that I should stop watching/following cricket...

 I believe that they came out with such an algo just for fun...

 yep. :)

 searching on google news for &quot;govind tiwari&quot; will give u a better picture...

 he's a random guy who's infamous for creating the worst-looking blog one could ever create...

feels good to view a bit of nature whenever I look up away from my laptop. http://yfrog.com/h0tu9wgj

RT  now just gonna wait for #basha to trend on twitter :)

basha

thanks to  for gifting me these awesome headphones...

feels that headphones around one's neck look cooler than over one's head...

 no. observed that i'm putting on weight. would love to start running long distances...

Integrating is tougher than developing stand alone parts of a program.

Must start running.

According to tweetstats,  is the second highest person whom I have replied to, via twitter. The first is his old twitter handle...

Creativity is the father of Invention.

 my situation is worse... :( couldn't go even though I had a ticket...

&quot;Lie! Run! Hide!&quot; Ya. Ok, right.

 exactly.

There'll be a day when companies expect candidates to write program solutions in less than 140 characters...

 lol. I wanted to say that first. But changed my mind later. :P Btw, did u just say 'apt'? I expected 'yum' from u...

 someone with a rhyming nickname. where the nickname's first 3 letters are &quot;kay&quot;... ;) :P

I hereby christen my room as &quot;Anirudh's Laboratory&quot;.

did they just buy me and my views? no. they didn't. i still stand by what I've said...

Ayo kadavule! Some student next to me putting scene after first round. Irritating!!

 vaazhkaikke machan...

Moral of the story: being good feels good.

When will I ever see a linux system being projected on the screen for these kind of presentations?

The organizing fellows from my coll r here. They're checking d sound system with some random music that sounds like a harmonica...

When was the last time that I arrived first at some place? This feels good...

No. I am not taking part in non-technical activities anymore...

what a lousy performance! :( #tc #srm

tc

srm

at ilab with 

awake at last...

That was another boring class. Relieved that I need not attend anymore for the day...

Sadly, I am so pazham that i'm scared to bunk classes...

WHAT.A.BORING.CLASS!!

TIL that Eric Schmidt was the co-author of LEX!

 wow! awesome article da! thanks for sharing.

 thank u! :)

 thanks da. :)

 didn't like it. expected more...

Disappointed with deivathirumagal...

Deivathirumagal with family now.

 i think its karaharapriya da...

 awesome bday gift! thanks!! :)

Had an awesome evening at bessie with parents!

ipl DOES improve cricket relations b/w countries. couldn't have expected pk n kp congratulate each other at the end of yday, if not for ipl.

now listening to Neevanti Daivamu Shadanana - Bhairavi raagam by Malladi Bros...

just realized that my typing speed has improved considerably over the past few weeks. touch typing finally seems to have paid off.

 want inspiration? here it is... (in case u already haven't read it) :P http://t.co/kRKrCo1

oh. just realized that i have classes from 10.30 today. read it as 1.30 yday...

good morning tweeps. hope to have a better day today.

Shocked to know that google labs will be shut down!

That completes 2 boring classes for the day. Hope the next one is better...

Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me. #launch http://t.co/NlcH2PR via 

launch

only google can have white backgrounds, is it? i'll have a white background for my twitter profile too! (...pukes in the background later)

gnome3 is the worst thing that ever happened to fedora...

hmmm... how is twitter working properly on chromium - fedora 15 now?

i knew what today's google doodle was about, before clicking on it! that's because i was a bio student in 11th and 12th... :)

lol... http://t.co/lw3qzWg

@ home away from home... #spiderlab

spiderlab

Dear professor, if u r gonna teach us how to use the web, y dont u teach us how to brush our teeth, how to eat, etc as well?

I keep half-expecting the sites I write on my notebook, to automatically get converted into hyperlinks.  

yeah. official gingerbread update has been released! is it available in india? will have to check now...

so, now i am supposed to update my video card drivers and reinstall the adt plugin?? surely, this is a joke, right?

damn! i shouldn't have update my adt plugin...

enough of studying for the day...

 where art thou?

back in college machis!

Nice. This compartment actually has got 2 plug sockets for every 8 seats, for charging laptops and mobile phones. and they actually work!

back home after shopping for clothes for bday. :)

god! still so sleepy...

lazy sunday afternoon...

 :D just kidding

wait.  I am an executive member of Amruthavarshini right? does it mean this? http://t.co/fX5PIoL

 u should maybe try the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Load from snapshot&quot; options...

yay!  android app is free from ads from the latest version! way to go!

last day of summer hols 2011. what do i do today? hmmm...

 Tendulkar seems to have a long list of people who have got him out as their first wicket.

 wow! thanks!

 2 out of 3 electives? i think i'll drop kunwar....

 hai! jolly! can timepass in daaktar's class...

hotot new UI doesn't appeal to me

experiencing awesome download speeds today!

is awake once again...

why am i suddenly having a download speed &amp;gt; 2Mbps ?? how come?

 or break jagi's phone. u'll feel better. 

time to step on the gas pedal!

just realized that my phone's earphones are more comfy and provide a better effect than the normal earphones i lost a few days back...

am all the more motivated to work now! keep the cash flowing, guys... :P

passed midterms. :) congratulations to all other gsoc students who passed!

 got a congratulatory mail now! thanks. :)

 hey. sorry to bother you. just want to confirm. all procedures for midterm phase have been done from both our sides, right?

almost there...

 font size? :P

 at least commentary on cricinfo?

needs a chrome addon to convert all those hindi statements typed in english on facebook, to actual english statements. #cantunderstandathing

cantunderstandathing

 i see many ppl use that da. was reminded by 's statement...

y do some ppl type &quot;come on&quot; as &quot;common&quot; ?? doesn't it mean something else?

gnome3 is worse than unity. u dont make me happy when i'm not able to customize u... :(

Nice post about Sammy. http://t.co/DBDI10B

 thank u! thank u!

Iphone? Nope. My android. #customizability http://yfrog.com/klkitp

customizability

past 14 hours = 3 hours of sleep + 11 hours of coding!! whew!!

 machi...  nee gethu da!

can't restrain myself from saying &quot;MUHAHAHA&quot; after writing some really nice code...

If I had been a twitter addict, I would've tweeted abt the minor road accident I witnessed outside my window jus now. But I'm not, u see...

first, i made my ubuntu look like a mac. now, my android looks like an iphone! :D #customizability

customizability

 not yet. will try soon.

Reached home. Yay!

 ya. Realized that. Wish the bar was thinner. The whole thing looks awesome anyway!

 good luck! :D

Hope someone comes out with a lighter theme too, of tweetdeck...

Could do without that white bar between tweets though. #tweetdark

tweetdark

Wow! Tweetdark is awesome! Exactly what I wanted.

 nice dp :-)

 yep :-)

 thanks. :)

Strange. Not getting sms for twitter replies...

 we're on our way...

 reached home?

 market link for the app? Can't find it through mobile.

 wru guys?

I think i'll have brunch today.

 wru guys now?

Chanderpaul century! #whattaman

whattaman

   who holds what positions in amruthavarshini for this year?

 so what's the news from coll? what do we take with us?

do i integrate twitter with google+? nah, i don't think so. at least not yet.

working during weekends gives a nice feeling... :)

 noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! &amp;lt;pause&amp;gt; noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!

 :D :P

oops! meant &quot;3rd year hols&quot; in my prev tweet...

wait. even if i return home in a few days, is today the last day of my 3rd sem hols?

thanks to my mentor's dvorak keyboard, i had an awesome voice chat with him today! :P

night out dhaan today! never have been so excited about my project, now that i've completely understood everything that is reqd!

just realized the power of discussing things thru skype over discussing the same thing thru irc channels!

 don't think so...

 i forgot. i got some amruthavarshini post right? :P what was it?

for those who use w3schools: http://t.co/WnerSoI

as usual. cheapness. http://t.co/KVcHEmW

 in fact, its my backup mentor whom i'm interacting with, for the past few days. he has lived a few months in india! :D he knows. :)

 both my mentors r v cool. they don't mind all this. but i feel ashamed to tell them how pathetic our country is....

 lol. not him da...

ashamed to tell my mentor that i couldn't come online because of the power cut here in TN! WHERE IS MY CONTINUOUS POWER SUPPLY, CM??

yay! power back at last.... can now get back to work!

Worst day of hols ever! Think its a 9-5 power cut! all work stalled...

bleddy mosquitoes, y u stab me?

Androinica &#187; Android Market website ratings: a week of rants, reviews, and reality checks: http://t.co/Oq6aXK6 via 

elders say that only studies soru podum. i am hungry right now. what am i supposed to study?

omg!  is truly awesome!!  u might love it too!

3 maidens in a row! http://t.co/HsgpERL

 u don't need to have a comp. how abt a mobile app? would be great to receive more of ur tweets...

AAAAAND... &amp;chbh=a does the trick! thanks to my mentor  for pointing out how stats are implemented in the ios app! :)

and the new honda city arrived today! congrats !!

i want to make rage comics on some of my coll mates...

its not even 12 hours since i woke up but the day seems long... must be because i am working...

what is Kieswetter doing?? allow Cook to score a century!!

come on cook! get that century!!

cook seems to be playing his best odi innings ever!!

so, facebook decides to ask users to download an exe file for video chat?? that doesn't work even under wine for me... facebook is fail.

How to Sell Like Steve Jobs http://t.co/9Bcs9q5 via 

 sure! leaving to coll on sunday.

 cool. thanks! :)

considering free anti-virus s/w for mom's netbook.  ur suggestion? is avast still good?

love the background music too! http://t.co/U0cFiNf

have always loved these wafers...

 yep. most of my work would finish by next week anyway...

cleaning up my inbox. setting up new filters b4 i leave to college...

some ppl don't use the reply button in twitter. wonder why...

am back on twitter!

rain!!

suddenly, life seems good...

taking up the job of fixing the algorithmist website and updating stuff, as my responsibility. does any1 want to join?

Facebook to launch its own country to take on Google Plus: http://t.co/IK5oKtB

Twitter Is Obscenely Profitable http://t.co/TphfLb5

ada paavingala! chennai not available as an option yet... cha.

wait. was the &quot;Add my location&quot; option available earlier for chennai tweeters? nice...

awesome! http://t.co/ofaUAYT

IBM develops 'instantaneous' memory, 100x faster than flash http://t.co/pamLr0v via 

lol http://t.co/vJaVu0W

 some prob with my android virtual devices. they crashed &amp; had to be force closed. seems a few of them were running in the bground...

omg! i just now realized why my lappy was heating up like a furnace...

my thought process, instead of &quot;oh! map is a hash! oh! dictionary is a hash too!&quot;, is &quot;oh! map is a dictionary!&quot;. i learnt python b4 c++ stl

 what happened?

if u post that u'd need just one mark to pass, a sadist teacher would 'like' it, while a nice teacher would +1 it. #googleplusvsfb #mokka

googleplusvsfb

mokka

 oh. i don't think the it'll get released officially before aug 30. that's when my project officially ends.

 dei! the wordpress app has been in the market for a loooong time. i am working on it to 'improve' it...

Manmohan Singh laughs out loud at Ranbir Kapoor&#8217;s DoCoMo joke: http://t.co/yoUBap8

wait. Google! U r supposed to inform me when I get access to Google+!! Not wait for me to find out on my own...

I still can't figure out where my code exceeds the time limit!!

aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh....... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!! TLE!

i'd dump facebook for google plus any day! now, if only someone would send me an invite...

gave off 2 of my shirts which i had outgrown, to my maid servant for her son. been quite some time since i last did that. feels good. :)

when u feel bad for having committed a mistake but dunno whom to apologize to, append #sorryshaktiman to ur tweet... :P

sorryshaktiman

omg! a c++ program has been waiting for input in my terminal, since morning. noticed only now. #sorryshaktiman

sorryshaktiman

 I think it is during the evening only. Anyway, not adyar. Mandaveli today.

grand sweets dhonnai! \m/

must be due to that coldact that i refused to take but was finally forced to...

waking up after nearly 14 hours of sleep...

century only now. :( but better late than never...

darn headache!!

If life provided me an auto-complete option, i'll tab my way through final year of college...

 oh. hostel fees by 20th july is it? I was worried that it might be 20th june or something like that...

 I have no idea about date. I remember seeing some notice in hostel about payment of fees. What was that about?

 when should we pay college fees? Is the date over or something? I remember seeing some notice...

ppl start thinking only when they shed their ego...

whatay sleep that was!

what's worse than lazy noobs? conceited lazy noobs!!

TIL what the DRY priniciple is...

hai! nice new youtube... :)

write code - check. write report - check. commit code - not authorized to commit!! u kidding me??

report submitted! can go to sleep peacefully now... :)

 just realized something. u'd have to enable the snapshot feature while creating the avd...

hic... i must somehow stop these hiccups. hic...

 linux

 oh. i use only froyo... never knew abt gingerbread...

 best to use the avd manager as u r doing. when u create one, and click &quot;Start...&quot;, u'lll see the options. saw in some blog.

 oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy

 oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy

 googling about this problem would help u better...

 have u heard abt sukumar prasad? he used to play carnatic music on guitar. no news of him for years. trying to find him...

 it'll take time to close too. the next time when u launch the avd, remove the save to snapshot option as it is set the 1st time

 it is usually slow the first time. b4 starting the avd, set the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Launch from snapshot&quot; in avd manager

...and i hate eclipse too...

i HATE my AVD's...

there is more to this code than that meets the eye...

had a gut feeling that it will rain today. so it does! awesome!

argh! everything is so complicated!! life is full of dilemmas...

a mistake that i keep repeating is that i give preference to clean, reusable code even when time is running out.

lol. mishra seems to be the highest scorer after dravid in this innings. well played.

dravid top-edges bishoo to give mid-on a simple catch. that's the end of a v fine century and the indian innings...

dravid six!! u don't see that v often...

nice innings from mishra. sharma on strike now.

ouch! sammy tempts mishra with a loose delivery outside off. mishra simply cuts it, only for third man to collect the catch easily.

Facebook Connect Updated | Codechef: http://blog.codechef.com/2011/06/23/facebook-connect-updated/

and just when i was thinking that rampaul wasn't leaking runs, mishra hits him for 2 consecutive audacious fours!

50 run partnership between dravid and mishra now!

i just love ravi rampaul's bowling! makes the batsman earn every run...

yay!! dravid century!! awkward shot but still an awesome innings...

dravid nudges the last ball of the over to third-man to take a single. moves on to 99.

with a leg glance to mid-on, dravid takes a single to move on to 98 now...

dravid on 97 now...

why would i want to sleep during the night when an india test series gives me company?

 wow!!

even my parents find the weather here in Chennai to be horrible. and by that, I mean that I am not fussing.

ah. it is v cool and pleasant in Chennai during night time... WITH THOSE AC's SWITCHED ON, OF COURSE!!!

oops! was referring to a wrong file now. names of files should differ by more than just one character...

i feel that dark themes appeal more to me than the light ones...

after a few weeks, i think i can say that fedora 15 with gnome 3 is worse than ubuntu 11.04 with unity...

that was one long nap! don't even remember at what time I dozed off b4 the comp...

what is the quickest way to invoke nautilus? i think Alt+F2-&amp;gt;.-&amp;gt;Enter

one koshtin. was symbian really bad?

feeling really comfortable about twitter only now . cos of twidge...

I am using twidge to tweet about it! lol. https://github.com/jgoerzen/twidge/wiki nice.

system slows down drastically while running firefox 5 on ubuntu...

no auto-complete in firefox 5 too! disappointed...

 netbooks are just perfect! but mom doesn't allow me to install ubuntu in hers... :P

 then go for a netbook! simple. :P

 lol. according to me, laptops can't be replaced b4 2020.

 ah! voice! the form of input i dislike the most. i'd look like a chatterbox while tweeting, won't be able to do personal stuff, etc

 its difficult to hold tablets and type at full speed at the same time... it might not be as convenient as laptops.

 i wouldn't want to use a desktop while sitting on the bed, sofa or anywhere outdoors. that's why laptops originated, right?

 so, if tablets are going to be docked and worked with, using a manual keyboard, i'll still call it a laptop.

 nothing beats the convenience of a manual keyboard and a screen which u don't have to hold, for long usage.

 i thought u meant bigger size for convenient usage...

 what is the difference between an oversized mobile phone that shrinks and a normal mobile phone?

 what?? u say there'll be oversized mobile phones and they'll shrink. we already have them!

 will an oversized mobile phone even fit in our pockets?/

 by 2020?

 lol. I am already on it for a long time. In fact, even my parents use dropbox...

 why suddenly now? isn't Dropbox old and famous?

 can i know how u built it? there isn't any for chrome yet.

 usb consumes less power. power consumption for phone 2g&amp;lt;3g&amp;lt;wifi&amp;lt;wifi hotspot, i think.

 sad fact is, it doesn't matter much, even if i do get hit by a bus... :P

stupid me. i have all along connected my android phone to comp thru usb to use the internet. just realized the portable hotspot feature now.

 wow! just now realized that the spoj rank tracker on firefox was done by you!

TIL I learnt what Bus Factor is...

going through my project history on its blog now...

Kasab offers to share the menu card for long term jail inmates, with kanimozhi... #fakenews

fakenews

Awesome 3g speeds all of a sudden!

most of ur followers seem to be bots or unknown ppl,  y r u even tweeting?? aale illaadhe kadaikku tea aatharaiya? :P

my bro  is still a twitter noob. i think i'll troll him... :P

celebrating special days like father's day isn't about showing ur love on that day. it is to remind how u have to be always...

every day when I wake up, I search online news for the official release of gingerbread for my samsung galaxy ace...

 which phone?

the ind vs eng test series promises to be awesome!

ian bell has always been underrated... awesome series for him!

 rm -rf /* ?

my bro's on twitter finally. he registered long back but never tweeted. irony is, his name is his twitter handle: 

AOL Hell: An AOL Content Slave Speaks Out &#171; News http://t.co/MxlXJcE via 

good morning tweeps! that was one hectic week. hoping to have a nice weekend...

i sure have earned my weekend this time!!

very difficult to code when mood out...

 its split into 500, 2250 and 2250. 500 now.

yikes! seems citi accounts are being hacked and some gsoc students have lost their money! thankfully, i still have mine! headin to atm now!!

http://yfrog.com/kjf8pkj windows... the real world is beyond.

I think i'll try my hands on photography soon...

my first purchase on flipkart...

 which version? what's the problem?

Like the tweetdeck post widget on my home screen...

 yeah. fb groups r awesome. I meant that fb apps hv a huge impact. not huge hit.

 I get silly stuff on my news feed from some of them. need to go block them. they think everyone is so eager to knw wt they're upto

 buzz includes gmail contacts. fb provides apps. and tht is a HUGE thing. but on fb, wtvr I post goes to ALL my friends n relatives

 interesting stuff like videos and links. I want to find old friends n mantain contact. Not follow whatever they're upto.

Posting what u r upto right now,on fb feels like bragging,to me. I wud've followed u on twitter,if I hd been remotely interested in all tat

Why does tweetdeck show user details only in portrait view?

personally would like chrome browser to replace the android default browser on phones

i feel that the biggest competitor to chrome os or chrome browser on phones will be google itself, through android

I dunno which looks better: ubuntu 11.04 with macbuntu theme, fedora 15 with gnome 3, windows 7 or the chromium os i'm using right now...

 nope

 why don't u have a proper twitter dp yet?

don't ever to do a &quot;note to self&quot; on twitter. do a  instead.

upgraded chrome to 12.0.742.100. hopefully i can play flash videos better now.

 i have ALWAYS felt that chrome is better than firefox. i meant that shifting to firefox from chrome is almost impossible for me.

i will think of permanently switching over to firefox only if the address bar autocompletes what i'm typing.

lol. now it seems unfair, is it? http://t.co/SdiJnS3

 no da. i really meant it. heading over to stackoverflow.com...

 post ur queries at http://t.co/yyIRXXV :P

On a more serious note, I better get back to work.

Come on twitter! Give me more useless information for me waste time on.

feel like puking at windows start menu search. not working for months and no easy solution to it.

my twitter password has been changed to ******** (its hashed. so my original password might not have the same number of letters.) :P

 yep. http://t.co/Q2Zndei

 lol. what happened after that?

really wish that the next version of firefox autocompleted my url just like chrome...

 why didn't headlines today do an extensive coverage about the issue before he died? plz take it up atleast now.

just a few more seconds for kate to get installed on windows...

 what's their reason?

 does searching on wikipedia help?

 framework in what sense?

expected more from safari. not up to the mark...

 this worked. http://t.co/kzhXIw0 just modified the solution in the first reply and it worked without a hitch.

recovered my Windows 7 at last, after a partial night-out!! Yay!! Triple booting Ubuntu 11.04, Fedora 15 and Windows 7 now!

 Congrats!!

those guys are straining themselves to dig the road. they just don't realize that pouring something equivalent to rainwater will do the job.

http://yfrog.com/kf1lkaj suspicious looking men digging up the road in the middle of the night, outside my home. traffic sign put up though

 i know it has awesome specs but not an absolute must for coll goers like us. there'll be somethin btr when we start working.

of course, i meant that galaxy ace is awesome enough for me in my previous tweet...

galaxy s2 seems worth it only if u have a deep pocket. it is almost double the price of my galaxy ace which is awesome enough for me.

 thanks anyway. i have been without windows for quite a few months. would be prefer a completely risk-free approach to recover.

 yes. but no official upgrades for it in india yet. http://t.co/6Kz3VEy

 have kinda heard abt it. of course, i replaced fedora's grub to ubuntu's grub2.

 u got an iphone or are u in a showroom? how is the native twitter app?

 i have no idea! :P i never spent time understanding what all that meant. just wanted to have the latest distro! :P

Why I love and hate having a smartphone - The Oatmeal http://t.co/cJNlrTW via 

 lol. &quot;might&quot;? that makes me a bit scared to try...

Help required. How do I recover Windows 7 after Ubuntu and Fedora install? Exact problem here: http://t.co/uDyU6TF

 go outside and close the door. :P :D

is this the end of scheduled powercuts?

i have started loving my project much much more, all of a sudden!! dunno why exactly though...

 i rarely use torrents...

Setting up Kate snippets http://wp.me/pP4hy-2B

 i think it means playing only for pride. there is not much else to win, once the series is lost.

am all set for a heavy nap this afternoon. slept late, woke up early. perfect.

 awesome profile pic!

 have u tried freecharge.in? i think its good. works fine for me everytime.

searching for &quot;macbuntu 11.04&quot; on google shows my blog as the 3rd option and searching for &quot;macbuntu on ubuntu 11.04&quot; shows it as the first!

I'm at Anna Centenary Library (Kotturpuram, Chennai) http://4sq.com/ljWKEL

  exactly!

 ? so?

 where old woodlands drive-in was. near gemini flyover. parents say it is near stella maries coll.

 yep

Semmozhi poonga is okay... Not awesome or anything.

aaathaaaa!! naa pass aaaayiten!!!

 lol. jus saw the  account. Ippo enna panna pora?

 I shifted to chrome the next day. :P Echofon is the best for ff. Love the side pane option.

Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 3 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2p

wanted to watch Alice in Wonderland since a long time back. found it in bro's lappy today. sweet.

 lol. no. its going to be Alice in Wonderland...

mood out. need something to distract myself...

 exactly...

learning to play the guitar with the help of today's google doodle is the in-thing now...

after 3 days of breaking my head over a bug, i show my code to my mentor. he points it out in a few seconds...

 pains with/without glasses. finding it difficult to adjust to it.

please headache.leave me alone,

 sick or slick?

  Maaveeran in tamil...

 it hurts whatever power u have. u must be knowing that. been without glasses for almost a week now. strain.

Power back after 310 minutes...

4 hours 15 minutes now. Even college was better...

 Alwarpet.

3 hours and 15 minutes without power now...

2 hours and 15 minutes. still no signs of power coming back...

 maybe a leg count of 44,000

Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 2 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2g

enough blogging for the day. planning to come up with more tomorrow. till then, good night tweeps.

Still don't believe me? http://wp.me/pP4hy-2f

Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 1 http://wp.me/pP4hy-26

I remember the first time I came upon svn. I couldn't figure out what exactly it was, for quite a few days... :P

Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 0: http://wp.me/pP4hy-24

 ya. -0.5 in left eye. headache for the past few days...

gotta wear glasses from tomorrow... :(

Macbuntu in Ubuntu 11.04 http://wp.me/pP4hy-1V

is my excessive sleeping due to my current eye prob or has it become a habit or is it just laziness? can any of my medical friends clarify?

 it used to be one hour earlier...

gah! that 2 hour powercut was irritating!

one more #kde application that I love: Basket!!

kde

back on twitter. nothing can stop me now.

Sad that almost everyone seems to support either one of the two sides, both without any credibility. #babavscong

babavscong

I don't trust any baba or godman.

Manmohan Singh needs a magic wand. U r not a street magician. U r the pm. Shows that u yourself r either inept or corrupt. Disgusting!

Tiwary evades the questions posed to him and runs away...

Dei, tiwary, answer those qsns by Jethmalani now!

and the week starts... #mondaymorningblues

mondaymorningblues

listening to music after so many days!

chennai's weather is no different from trichy's. :(

       &quot;trust-me-jayabalan&quot; or &quot;trust me, jayabalan&quot; ? :P

what happened to me??

Some kids from US are so well behaved. But most are not. #sad #fact

sad

fact

So, do I have any more of these ill-mannered brat-from-US relatives?

Just got to know that Ganesh and Kumaresh are distance relatives of mine. :-)

sitting in a random park in bangalore and working on lappy. awesome weather too...

 games!! Heavy games!!

Damn! I think must wear glasses now! :(

Ouch! Came to bangalore for a marriage. it seems the bride's dad passed away yday n marriage postponed!

 so, did u actually send ur 1000th tweet to me?? :P ;)

 that was development da. this is programming...

ouch! so out of touch that i am struggling to solve programming problems now... :(

Dunno whether to laugh or cry - &quot;Chinese teen sells his kidney for an iPad 2 - Telegraph http://t.co/UbFgrH3 &quot;

Government releases official yoga position to remove corruption: http://t.co/exQJfyP

Why Facebook is Scared of Twitter - http://t.co/37n6bbP

hurray! my code works properly now!!

I still can't believe that some ppl still trust this govt!! minister-steals-a-telephone-exchange-loots-bsnl: http://t.co/h6jnVhy

Oracle 'donates' OpenOffice.org to Apache foundation | ZDNet UK http://t.co/vQbWdzS

my first-ever screencast! :P http://youtu.be/WiA0CGh2UkE

 can u make the Twitter id in the website linked to the twitter account and clickable?

 dei, dk. when u r putting up a link, don't put a full stop immediately after it. twitter recognizes it as a part of that link!

 not exactly. i made it a point to change my twitter background everyday. that's all.

Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;After the Rain&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com

ouch! installed some random twitter background only to realize that, that site had spammed my twitter timeline too...

 i live in alwarpet and it is raining here

and the rain starts! perfect weather.

woke up just now. looked up at the sky to find it absolutely dark at 4.30pm!!

Heavy lunch, warm weather, power cut, pleasant music... zzzzz...

yay! life is so much simpler now. i can code what i intended to do, now... #android

android

ah. now i realize that there is a compatibility library for older api versions, to implement fragments...

so badly want fragments and action bar to be back-ported to at least api level 8! would be so much easier to code then... #android

android

cool. jayalalitha saw me now. she must be privileged... :P

i am being plagued by something like this... https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/compiz/+bug/778490

:D RT: :  toxic dose of ur thathuvam. Am already hyperventilating :-D

 not yet. all the way, flags, banners and posters standing...

think tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha would be passing through the road, where my home is, today...

when u have an opportunity to do a good deed, do it. one of them might go a long way... #thathuvam

thathuvam

good morning tweeps. this is a fine morning...

ah! very tired now. gonna sleep early and wake up early. new habit from now on.

goodbye bad habits!

had a wonderful time with every1 during grandma's 80th birthday celebration!

Grandma's 80th bday celebration! (@ Matsya Restaurant) http://4sq.com/ipH10Y

 I will RT this now. :P

Grandma's 80th star bday today. Returning home from kapaleeshwarar temple now.

 yes. it did. :-)

Booked tatkal tickets with my #android thru #opera with #3g. #win

android

opera

3g

win

http://yfrog.com/h0ls0dnj My new tshirt from  :-)

Linus Renames 2.6.40 Kernel To Linux 3.0, Announces Release Candidate http://t.co/KOIPigt

Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Garden Wallpaper&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com

yay! got my first t-shirt from  now! looks great!

#ubuntu11.04 - #chrome.  #fedora15 - #firefox. #android - #opera.

ubuntu11

chrome

fedora15

firefox

android

opera

#opera on android is super awesome!

opera

went on a #firefox add-on download spree! sooo many add-ons now! yay!

firefox

 of course, its obvious what it is. but why the underscore?

leaning towards #firefox more than #chrome now...

firefox

chrome

RT   dai y did u change ur name??

ROFL! SO TRUE!! RT: : Back after a break. Late night snack #tambrahmrage http://bit.ly/jP9K48 by  and 

tambrahmrage

Good morning tweeps.

 there! it crashed again!!

 u kidding? my 11.04 keeps crashing at least 5 times in a day!! dunno y.

damn! #ubuntu! stop crashing!!

ubuntu

just had a epiphany! time to set my priorities right...

think i solved my problem of forgettin #topcoder #srm's. setup #google calendar to remind me thru emails, popups and #android notifications.

topcoder

srm

google

android

 how abt applying for indian citizenship? :P ;)

Back home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Home) http://4sq.com/l2YweE

I just became the mayor of Anirudh's Home on ! http://4sq.com/jeoQbu

introducing my mom to #dropbox now. :-)

dropbox

At Grandparents' Home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Grandparents' Home) http://4sq.com/keBSg6

RT :  I'm not &quot;on&quot; twitter. It's asynchronous. If I get a notification and the message needs a reply, I will.

the more i use twitter, the less i use facebook...

#NowPlaying Shri Maha Ganapathe by Balaji Shankar - Abhogi Raagam - Kanda Chapu Thaalam

NowPlaying

Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Moonlit Meadow&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com

this is more complex than i thought...

accidental power nap! :P

 no dhoni for WI tour...

i always seemed to like #firefox #addons more than #chrome #extensions. the way chrome displays its extensions doesn't appeal to me...

firefox

addons

chrome

extensions

time for an haircut...

good morning tweeps! feels great to have parents back at home!!

 yeah! but i keep missing almost every srm!

HATE MYSELF!! missed registering for today's #topcoder #srm today too! was watching csk bash rbc around...

topcoder

srm

 any luck with ur phone? tried &quot;Wheres My Droid&quot; ?

 lol. I don't think I've ever recorded a video from this phone. Never thought about it. :-P

 galaxy ace s5830. Really good.

my first salary is still sleeping in my gsoc atm withdrawal card. badly want to get something BIG for my parents with my first salary...

  not everyone does.

 u there at #rubyconfindia?

rubyconfindia

  what about Settings-&amp;gt;About phone ?

some lady complaining on a news channel that gold prices are too high for middle class ppl like her. y buy gold then?? #showoff

showoff

 lol! Ha ha!

Wow! mobile.twitter.com is awesome!

meant that too under editor... :P RT: :  or like an IDE :D

life is like a text editor. u may not like what u have, but u can always customize it to be the way u like it... #thathuvam

thathuvam

 this article might convince you. http://www.androidtapp.com/wheres-my-android/

 i think the default text msg is &#8220;Wheres my Droid&#8221;. u might want to be there in the location before msging.

 of course, i mean installing through web. http://bit.ly/jElUjm

 i am trying to say that u can install it now too, through the android market. u wouldn't have to confirm at the other end...

I'm one of the first in line for the &quot;One Page Twitter Dashboard&quot; from #TwitSprout. Join me  http://t.co/GgTLq6j via 

TwitSprout

seems that #mci delhi is heading towards the same scenario as that of mci chennai. good start, then becoming absolutely boring...

mci

 y don't u check?

i just followed 4 guys who were tweeting about #mci delhi. my timeline is full of their tweets now... :P

mci

just when i was thinking whether my eyes were tricking me into believing that the twitter details pane was thinner... http://tnw.co/jWI2U6

 https://market.android.com/details?id=com.alienmanfc6.wheresmyandroid

 u can install Where is my Droid through the market place onto your phone and make it ring...

 no kung fu panda tickets available in satyam for tomorrow. inox website not working properly...

i can't believe that  is following me on twitter!! feel so honored...

when u r not hungry but still want to munch on something, don't go for junk food. try munching green bean sprouts instead. #healthytweets

healthytweets

 lol. he won't read my tweets da. don't worry. :P

The Da Vinci Code was running on Sony Pix now. The poor direction reminded me of Sachin's poor captaincy in yday's match...

 no da. am trying out new themes daily. tweeting abt them so that my followers can try them out too...

i completely forgot that i have an extra white panel for my mobile! i think i will try it out now...

Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Rectangles&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com

good morning tweeps. have a great saturday!

 yeah. remastered ubuntu. http://www.oslike.se/

 googling about macbuntu might help. most of those sites have screenshots...

 yes, it did! sadly macbuntu doesn't seem to available for ubuntu 11.04 yet. i think those guys are making it a fork of ubuntu.

 and of course, for the mac experience, i was using macbuntu on my ubuntu 10.10 for a few months... :P

 btw, i haven't attempted recovering Windows in my lappy. Windows7 doesn't figure in my bootloader. not interested in it either.

 lol. I downloaded Chromium OS a few months back and installed it on my pendrive and tried it. :P don't use it much though...

 no no. I had Eclipse in Fedora 14. Now have it in Ubuntu 11.04. overwrote Fedora 14 with 15. So, downloading Eclipse for 15...

i think i'll just download eclipse and android sdk in fedora 15 too, to be safe. will be my download for the night...

i think i'll be done with my work by tomorrow morning. gonna sleep now. gotta wake up early tomorrow.

#guake looks very nice in #fedora 15...

guake

fedora

: any tech meetups this weekend in chennai? been a long time since I attended any. dunno where exactly to find...

 did u have a look at samsung galaxy ace s5830? i think it is pretty good. ~15k. worth every penny.

 good night. :)

 i think u were waiting for such an opportunity to tweet about, throughout the tournament! :P

has firefox plugin-finder service EVER found adobe flash plugin? i think not. #firefox4

firefox4

why are the firefox guys so keen on maintaining space for the title bar? would like it be how it is, in chrome. #firefox4

firefox4

browser is where twitter is... #echofon #firefox4

echofon

firefox4

sadly twitter.com is crashing even in chromium... #fedora15

fedora15

although i might want csk to face mi, i think rcb deserves to get into the finals, more... #ipl

ipl

frankly saying, MI must produce such a performance today, to make the world believe that it deserves to get into the finals. #ipl

ipl

sometimes, major decisions in life might be based just on small reasons... #thathuvam. like changing browsers, for example...

thathuvam

gnome3 might not be perfect, but #fedora did the right thing by moving to gnome3 if they wanted to stand upto ubuntu and compete. good job!

fedora

 #gnome3 looks good. but cannot say that it is very customizable...

gnome3

that's strange! twitter.com keeps crashing in chrome fedora 15...

  ani who? me?? i dont even have windows on my system since february!

 100th century at Lords would be the best!!

lol. no right click almost everywhere!! #gnome3 #fedora15

gnome3

fedora15

typical. firefox occupies more screen space than necessary in #gnome3. #fedora15

gnome3

fedora15

fedora 15 is good. i like it. :)

tweeting from fedora 15 &quot;Lovelock&quot; live cd. gnome 3... i think i'll take it.

downloaded #fedora 15 once again! hope it works properly this time...

fedora

some #kde programs that #gnome might never be able to beat: kate, yakuake and k3b.

kde

gnome

 the Jura mountains in Switzerland.

#lessinterestingbooks Bored Ultimatum

lessinterestingbooks

#lessinterestingbooks Harry Potter and the Bengal Prince

lessinterestingbooks

#lessinterestingbooks  Harry Potter and the Prisoners of Tihar

lessinterestingbooks

Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Daytime Daffodil&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com

good morning tweeps!

I earned the Lone Wolf sticker on ! http://bit.ly/kyC9ft

proteinex is the best!

RT  Awesome free ebook of startup wisdom from Hiten Shah, Noah Kagan, Patrick McKenzie and others http://bit.ly/MicroConf2

Anirudh S looted a cool item at http://t.co/Y7Vo6bE 0 ago

 wow! that sure would be superb!

 lol. my coll's curriculum is pathetic! the teaching is worse... just passion to write code drives us forward...

 sure. right now or long term? i study at nit trichy. 3rd year btech comp sci. right now working on the app... :P

 yeah. working on the existing android app of wordpress...

AAAAND... ITS MY 1000TH TWEET!! 4 figures. ;) &quot;dedicate&quot; it to my amma -  - the best mom in the whole world!!

some stats: 50% download of fedora 15 over. today is my mom's star bday. this is my 999th tweet. ;)

 kinda yes. dunno what to plan...

 dunno. parents wouldn't be at home...

would like a tweeple meetup at chennai. would be fun! any1 up for it?

 thanks da. :)

the starter kit contains a pen, some documents to be read, a cute notebook and the prepaid card... #gsoc

gsoc

yay! got my google summer of code starter kit now ! :-)

wait. when did fedora 15 stable get released? : u know?

klout is cool. i like it. 

just had tomato soup made my grandma! was awesome! perfect for this weather...

 very cloudy here. might rain later in the day... :)

wow! awesome weather at chennai today!

good morning tweeps. will be working the whole day today...

timeline problem - Twitter Status http://t.co/tbMoSRo via 

still not able to recover my timeline... what is going on??

what just happened? my timeline disappeared! #twitter

twitter

want a a csk vs mi finals this year too. after all, noone would mind losing to SRT. of course, i'd expect csk to win! #ipl #csk #whistlepodu

ipl

csk

whistlepodu

why would ravi shastri have to carry his personal computer along with him to tweet? he can always tweet from his mobile. #ipl

ipl

why should I implement a GridView? I can as well implement nested Linear Layouts if i know how many elements i'm using...  #android

android

whattacatch! #whattaman #srt

whattaman

srt

 just received 2 coupons for discount of 100Rs on Inkfruit t-shirts, through freecharge. can i use both coupons on the same tshirt?

omg. just now woke up after a loooooong sleep.

 ok

 cycling in the evening. will check availability of movie tickets.

 ya. some1 online.

hard-fought draw! feels great after being on the brink of losing...

 must be greater in size or space than what's allowed...

 y don't u have a proper twitter dp?

 if u already haven't bought an inkfruit tee #wecanttalk

wecanttalk

 if u r gonna tweet just to win free t-shirts #wecanttalk

wecanttalk

in my college, comp sci subjects are taught better in other depts like EEE and ICE. sad.  and  would agree...

neatly explained solution for second shortest path. http://bit.ly/mIJXwk

wow! linux using javascript! http://bellard.org/jslinux/

feel like going through topcoder algorithm tutorials now...

and how is it that i have never come upon this? it is just awesome!  http://oeis.org/

this is good. http://jlongster.com/s/dom3d/ lags a bit in my browser though...

&quot;The distance between two points on a sphere will be proportional to the chord connecting them.&quot; hmmm...

http://groups.google.com/group/algogeeks is the link. u can join the group if u r interested. (a li'l spammy though)

solution didn't exceed expectations. typical O(log n) solution only. but one nice obsvn. not considering leading zeros. so n always odd...

reading a discussion on finding whether the binary representation of a number is a palindrome or not...

ubuntu mouse pointer lag hurts... painful to see it move across slowly...

so, i guess i'll go read those mails for the next one hour... #algogeeks

algogeeks

abt 550 mails in my mailbox under the label algogeeks. been filtering and storing them for a long time without reading them properly...

is planning to go on a tweet spree soon. mobile followers, if any, please be warned...

nothing motivates me better than failure! let the coding begin...

damn! so close to submitting solution to 500 problem! #topcoder

topcoder

&quot;error: declaration of &#128;&#152;std::vector&amp;lt;coin&amp;gt; coins&#128;&#153; shadows a parameter&quot; - very helpful. thank u! #sarcasm

sarcasm

when was the last time i saw dawn??

there! this is my twitter theme for the day.

I just rated 9 Superhero Movies using  How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/kEVgGy

am thinking of getting myself a t-shirt from  seems good...

feel good to wake up early! especially this early!!

it feels funny when u sleep for long and wake up at the time when u usually go to sleep daily...

 32 degrees C. chennai alwarpet.

some guy in my timeline retweeted stuff from microsoft about windows phone and all that... immediately unfollowed him.

 lol. i AM planning to... :P

wow! that was awesome! my new cycle is very comfortable, i must say! exceeded my expectations. full 10 out of 10!

time to go cycling! :-)

almost dozed while watching tv... i dont even remember what i was watching... back to work.

RT : Anand Ramachandran on the awesomeness of Chris Gayle | Page 2 | ESPN Cricinfo http://t.co/hDMJorf

interested in learning magic tricks? watch Indrajit Murali in sri sankara channel at 1pm on weekdays. he's really good...

 i'd say zaheer khan instead of bollinger or praveen kumar...

 gotta resume working now...

yay! connected to the internet thru ubuntu!!

my ubuntu not connecting to my wireless connection even after multiple restarts. dunno why...

y isnt my internet connection working???

want to put the netbook at home to good use. any suggestions?

changed my twitter background after a looong time. feels fresh and different now. must remember to do it often...

to sleep or not to sleep? irritated that code isn't working. not sleepy either...

 very misleadingly titled article...

 Rahul Gandhi

 i think u look the same even now! (tat foto)

dhoni can't do anything wrong today! de villiers goes... #ipl #csk

ipl

csk

 peanut butter

     t-shirt or shirt?

Get free coupons with every mobile recharge http://t.co/y7HgnEJ via 

 dmk complains that Rebecca Black was responsible for their 2nd successive horrible friday. makes &quot;tgif&quot; taboo within party.

 yeah! me too.

 if they had been THAT brave enough, they would have surrendered on their own...

i dedicate my 900th tweet to ! he's my dad and he's fun to follow on twitter...

now plz shut that stupid channel down...

 news channels...

for all those who pronounce kanimozhi as kanimoli or kanimoyi, this is the way to do it. http://vocaroo.com/?media=vmXAMIUIrhbl6CGWr

i think i might move over permanently from vlc to banshee for music...

Support #Android, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/3c9veB - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3

Android

twibbon

Support #WordPress, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/6HK8am - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3

WordPress

twibbon

I earned the Check-in Rookie sticker on ! http://bit.ly/llWuUm

I just rated 12 Animation Movies using  How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/j5eVSr

 i dont think i'll have a use for fedora anymore... installed eclipse, adt plugin and other necessary stuff in ubuntu 11.04...

I earned the Addon Adhesive sticker on ! http://bit.ly/mkJWL2

 tweetdeck, where's my droid, barcode scanner and maybe gmote too...

 u can try chromed bird for tweeting. it has an url shortener within it too...

 Sir, if you can click the reply button every time u reply to someone's tweet, we wud know in what context, ur tweet is in. Thanks.

A letter to Rahul Vinci (&quot;Rahul Gandhi&quot;) https://www.facebook.com/topic.php?uid=111552515531825&amp;topic=924

thank you !! this is really awesome!

I can now tweet from vim!! Awesome!

anirudh24seven

 do u mean gilly and marsh?

 of course!! :)

 we can get our phones upgraded from Froyo to Gingerbread. i.e. Android 2.2 to Android 2.3

  of course, it'll happen only later for India...

  Did u hear the news? Gingerbread Promised for Galaxy Devices by End of May http://bit.ly/m1oCOF

decided that i'll sleep throughout the morning and afternoon on weekdays and do a night-out daily. can't stand the summer heat...

for every arbit tweet that i see, i am unfollowing that person. feels good to keep my timeline clean...

 yeah. saw those &quot;scenarios&quot; article on cricinfo? they haven't updated it after yday's match though...

 oops! lol. yeah... even i want bangalore to lose...

 he knows that no total can be small enough for gayle. smart playing... #gilly

gilly

planning to install a lot of chrome extensions...

 oh. 21st of this month? will check the invitation for the exact location now. am coming...

 how abt http://theme.wordpress.com/themes/clean-home/ ?

 my work is related to d UI. existing app has an old style interface which is not v intuitive. trying to make it more easy to use

 if u r usin twitter through twitter.com, u'll usually see &quot;# new tweets received&quot; which u'd have to click. this eliminates tat

 modifying the existing wordpress android app...

 cool. :)

Auto refresh twitter - Chrome Extension.    u ppl might like it. http://bit.ly/eKMPnG

wow! 's android app is awesome!

 9-5? which day of the week? i'm having daily power cut from 11 to 11.45...

Mini idly and masal dosai at grand sweets. :) (@ Grand Sweets) http://4sq.com/kgN4D4

maybe its an Apple-sponsored attack to make the masses believe that iPhone is indeed popular... #facebook #spam

facebook

spam

 will unfollowing  constitute fair play?

i judged a book by its cover and i turned out to be right ! :P

what a wonderful morning! forced myself to wake up. am all eager to visit the koturpuram library today... have a great day tweeple!

 of course! very true...

 they are responsible for powercuts, water shortages and bad roads. it affects everyone. that's why we vote...

now, the question is, &quot;who will become the opposition leader?&quot; gabdun or mk ?? #tnelections

tnelections

Facebook admits hiring PR firm to smear Google http://t.co/yn44TPh via 

http://brooksreview.net/2011/05/ballmer/ Can anyone challenge these views?

BREAKING NEWS: Mother's day celebrated again in TN, 5 days after original Mother's day! #amma #tnelections

amma

tnelections

 both the major parties promised freebies... and one is leading. is it still a snub? i think ppl still want freebies...

 which constituency? mylapore?

 depends on how many seats his party manages to win... :P

 do u know abt mylapore? how can i find out?

lol. http://gabeswebsite.com/images/funny/wrestle.gif

not so disappointed though. got the 500 right. whew! #topcoder #srm

topcoder

srm

read the qsn wrong for 250. thought that final configuration was given n was asked to calculate the initial config. #topcoder #srm

topcoder

srm

me! me! me too!RT : Anyone else feeling ashamed to say rahul gandhi an indian?

gaaaah!! made a mistake in my solution! damn!! #topcoder #srm

topcoder

srm

intermission phase now... #topcoder #srm

topcoder

srm

 if it is c++, then i think http://cplusplus.com/reference/stl/ can help u a lot...

 why's that?

lol. only 15 submissions for the 1000 pt problem so far... #topcoder #srm

topcoder

srm

i HATE youtube!!

 u seem to be in a good mood. guess what i had for dinner now. :D (u'll surely love it if u try it!)

 why is  http://developer.android.com/videos/index.html down? shows a 404: Not Found error!

 wow!! i was just searching for the same thing!! thanks!

  wikipedia did say thru twitter that there might be some problems, right?

i was all excited about google music beta and requested an invitation! only to find that the service was available only in the US... :'-(

Want to watch the keynote speech by live streaming. But leaving for a movie now. :-( #io2011

io2011

never realized that if u enclose text with * in gchat, it appears in bold. for example, *hello* will make hello appear as bold... #gchat

gchat

 haha. i &quot;dedicate&quot; my 800th tweet to you with this reply!!

oh. never realized that i am already close to 800 tweets... this is easy :P

  there can't be a new TR-rage... cos he's already T 'RAGE'ndar...

i think i am so getting used to working from home... :P hope that the habit doesn't continue when i get a job...

#chatzilla is my favorite irc client...  the only reason i have got firefox running on my comp, actually...

chatzilla

bad luck. my q&amp;a session with the #wordpress community has been scheduled to 10.30pm today. wud be in satyam watching Ko with family. #gsoc

wordpress

gsoc

yuvraj with ganguly now... :)

videos are always an awesome way to learn stuff.

wonders why gtug chennai doesn't have a twitter account yet...

 when hasn't Microsoft tried that?

ganguly's strike rate is 0, right now... #ipl4

ipl4

want to follow all google sites on twitter? here is the link... http://www.google.com/intl/en/press/twitter-directory.html

 rightly said! :)

wish twitter provided some badges... or wait! is twitter awesome because it doesn't do all that??

 my thoughts exactly !! :P

 machi. just noticed that you have more followers than following!! #celebrity da nee!   

celebrity

i think i might reach 800 tweets by today...

 thanks! :)

 myself, sriram, sagar sumit and nivash went through a few rounds but didn't get it. not sure about nivash...

feels that most of my college mates cannot stop bragging about their internships on facebook... grow up ppl! what say   ?

Lunch over. Was good. :-)

 for that he should try. We shouldn't try... :P

 lol. No no. the talks on #android apps r usually awesome... #io2011

android

io2011

 everyone is capable of everything. What we do determines who we are... #thathuvam

thathuvam

acquisition of skype by microsoft confirmed... :(

gotta have lunch now. will maybe tweet from my mobile then... :P

wish that the Action Bar widget was available for #android versions &amp;lt; 3.0 too...

android

the more you learn, the more you can think and come up with better ideas... #knowledge #thathuvam

knowledge

thathuvam

i haven't downloaded google chrome 11 on my fedora yet, just because i don't like the logo... :P

 nice to see that you are still concerned about the indian education system. i gave up long ago...

and while you are it, you can check out the actual #io2011 website too... http://www.google.com/events/io/2011/ #google #awesome

io2011

google

awesome

going for 'ko' nightshow at satyam today... #ko

ko

what if i can't go to #io2011 ? i'll live stream it or look at it online later... :)

io2011

wonder why gmail every time seemingly seems to be loading something for a loooong time while nothing is actually loaded... #gmail

gmail

love the android app for google i/o 2011... looks awesome! http://bit.ly/knyOMt check out the screenshots! #io2011

io2011

i think i shall start tweeting...

lol at 's remark that its sad tat mobile manufacturers haven't yet come up with a phone for ppl who can't use one of their hands

 can u summarize what is different in this year's contest from last year? i want to know before i get into it...

u r a chennaiite if u r tweeting about #goldenrulesofchennai

goldenrulesofchennai

if u can't finish ur dinner at a restaurant, ask the waiter to 'pack' it... #goldenrulesofchennai

goldenrulesofchennai

 anyone living in sowcarpet is a settu... #goldenrulesofchennai

goldenrulesofchennai

always quote half of ur intended price to auto drivers. they are sure to double it. #goldenrulesofchennai

goldenrulesofchennai

ah! that feeling of satisfaction when ur mom hands u cold coffee at home... #priceless

priceless

To kapaleeshwarar temple now, with family. :-)

i want an awesome reminder app for android. free app, of course. any suggestions?

 it is just awesome!! my default twitter client on mobile. extremely user-friendly! #tweetdeck

tweetdeck

 it would. one might never know when he'd be armed again and destroy countless lives again...

sleeeeepy... want to replace my broken ubuntu with something proper b4 going to sleep. found that 11.04 wasn't to my liking.

disappointed and disgusted with  #natty... #unity

natty

unity

counter-intuitive,unnecessarily takin up valuable screen space,flashy enuf to please all kids.congrats ubuntu! u sure have dug ur own grave.

 damn! I didn't da... :-( semma flop. I didn't even meet ht ma'am as senior couldn't contact me due to some mobile problem... :-(

dravid's wicket would cheer up randiv after being slammed around by him...

: think its time that you learnt that its 'loser' and not 'looser'. u r gonna be a final year student soon... 

gotta start packing now... sigh... #boring

boring

yay! exams over! spending time on learning more vim stuff now... #vim #fun

vim

fun

 guess so...

listening to Sambho Siva Sambo now...

now playing PuliUrumudhu. in the mood for loud, noisy songs now...

Damn! RT  No undue sympathy to students falling short on attendance: Court http://bit.ly/km8cJm

 an experienced user like u had to search for the terminal! that's just bad. #unity

unity

http://t.co/W73ex9F For those who are still fans of #ubuntu, 11.04 has been released. #unity

ubuntu

unity

I remember celebrating the release of 10.10 not long ago. I dont even feel like trying 11.04 though...

Worm horror in Subway chicken sandwich http://t.co/sVN6Wlc

Softlinks vs. Hardlinks: A Quick Explanation | Techthrob.com http://j.mp/k7iSek via 

 great to have you back on twitter !

i dont think i'd want an ipad at any point of my life. #ipad2 #india

ipad2

india

Big shoutout to all fellow hackers . Be there at 'Triggr The Mobile' on 14th May 2011, Noida http://triggr.in #triggr 

triggr

should pause the work on my project. time to have breakfast. very hungry.
the most attractive employer in india! http://t.co/dTaPT2N5
yahoo made so many awesome web products. it started going down when it stopped innovating.
whew. power back. can start working on my project now.
hmmm. this bing desktop app is decent.
want. when will lumia 900 start shipping to other countries like india?
good morning! :)
lol. no thanks. :D
enough of twitter. finding it difficult to study.
luckily, i was advised not to go home and bring back my windows phone. would have been heavily distracted by it, now during exams.
enjoying the rain?
i wonder what is the point of studying all this if i am not able to write it in the exam within the given time. :-/
they should give extra 15 minutes in exams for slow writers like myself. :P
only solution is to listen to music from my comp. :-/
this random music from the 2nd floor of my hostel is at a perfect sound level to keep me disturbed. neither too high nor too low.
point taken. :)
news source?
going to change my approach to studying. will first finish studying the summarized version in my notes and then read the textbook. #adbms
adbms
Bayern hs bn knwn to b involved wit charitable ventures,helping other FC's in financial disarray as well as ordinary people in misery. #wiki
wiki
my support for today's match: Bayern Munich.
:D
slowly getting into knowing more about football clubs. looking out for a team to support.
And both, dropbox and skydrive allow you complete control over your files. they remain yours and yours alone.
Not to mention that Google can use all your files in whatever way they want. Google has surely become evil with its terms n conditions.
Google drive's 5GB looks stupid in the face of 25 GB offered by Microsoft skydrive.
they effectively shared the cost of the patents  and both of them can use all those patents under a licensing deal. nice.
Microsoft selling many of those AOL patents to facebook is a good move for both of them.
synset in nltk is awesome!
want a python interpreter on android. how difficult will it be to implement? hmmm...
i want to sleep. :( but no power in hostel. might have to sleep in clc itself.
i don't think i will be participating in topcoder srm's in a long time. the last 2 were hard enough to make me lose my interest.
there. another huge drop in my rating.
nope. i am no way consistent.
wow. whatte result. failed system test. :-/
there is no such thing as too much internet.
based on text mining, sentiment analysis and twitter. :)
windows phone development is good. i feel that it is easier and better than android to work with. i haven't worked with ios though.
i think that there is no point of waiting for this topcoder srm results anymore. it could take up the whole night.
moral of the story: speak up if you don't like something. u might come under heavy fire initially but u'll finally get what u want. :)
there. issue solved. classmates shifted their mokka posts to another new group. :)
will the central lecture hall complex be open for students in the mornings too? i can come here and work on my project tomo, then.
and i have been waiting for this for more than an hour now...
omg! it seems that the admins remembered to click the &quot;system test&quot; button only a few minutes ago! is this even true? #topcoder
topcoder
first they set problems that require 3 nested for loops and now they announce that system tests are slow. a link between the two, perhaps?
this is bad. system test results have not yet been updated. the situation has been like this for the past many srm's. #topcoder
topcoder
quantal quetzal??? seriously?? this is going downhill since the last 2 releases.
stupid classmates spamming all over the facebook group.
irritating classmates. jobless people.
very tough topcoder matches lately. dunno what is going on. number of solvers has decreased a lot.
at least i solved a problem. but wait, let me see whether it passes system tests.
wasted &amp;gt;45 minutes on one &quot;+k&quot; bug in a tc srm!! :(
i want a bot that listens to ur problems, gives solutions, makes u feel happy once again. why? cos most people are epic fail at such things.
could not sleep for a very long time yday night and had horrible nightmares during the one hour that I slept. #fail
fail
it is amazing to know what extent people can go to, in trying to defend their ridiculous behavior.
power cut. lol.
looking into part of speech tagging now. strongly feel that this is the most important part of my project.
In the middle of the 7th hour of a 9 hour power cut now. Did I mention that it is 40&#176;C over here?
Honeycomb was an aberration. Android tablets never deserved it. ICS is so beautiful on my tablet! Its just perfect on screens of this size.
i do agree that oracle is being a patent troll. but what google did was plain foolish mismanagement.
don't u think that google is at fault? they took something that is free for personal use but used it for commercial purposes.
conclusion: i can't make a nandroid backup on my tab until i free up a lot of space.hmmm.
my reason why i am not buying a ticket to google i/o: second week of office at microsoft &amp;gt; google i/o
even though i qualified, i am not going to buy a ticket nor do i want to go to google I/O this time. http://t.co/tQ8SQCkw
very bad day for my project, so far.
not forgetting that argument and holding on to that memory is even worse.
my view on michael clarke changed immediately after the first wi vs aus test match. that guy is one awesome captain!
and the first one on that list would be aokp, of course.
tempted to begin trying out custom ROMs on my galaxy tab 10.1 as well.
damn. almost forgot that i have a few deadlines to meet, today.
oh well. i wouldn't be spending 900$ (plus more for travel and acco) to visit google i/o anyway.
i hate these power cuts. :(
lol at the mail discussion among iit-m profs.
wow. i thought my college admin is bad. iit madras admin seems to be worse.
the problem with my studying style is that i tend to start all over from the first, every time i sit down to study.
mokka authors. talking about black holes enveloping the earth and destroying all the data in a text book.
i hope there isn't a power cut at 9.15.
3 types of storage - volatile storage, nonvolatile storage and stable storage. #adbms
adbms
i think i will study for my exam tomorrow before working on my project again.
i have ended up writing a bit of ruby code and getting to know that i might have to learn a bit of perl and snowball as well!
this is going crazy. i thought i could do my project in java, python, c++ or some other language that i already knew.
you awake? one doubt in rts portions.
How much has wb actually improved under the new cm?
Of course, I was not referring to any elder sister of mine in the previous tweet.
Bratty, immature and just plain intolerant. #didi
didi
bored of reading already. guess i'll work on my project for a while now.
reading the output returned from a twitter api call now. so much data! makes me feel wow!
the twitter api kinda returns a comedy xml though. wonder why hastags have an extra &amp;lt;text&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/text&amp;gt; tags around them. hmmm...
random powercut. :(
can retrieve 3200 tweets using my ruby code now! #relieved
relieved
tc
i thought that at least round 1c would be easier. :( this is insanely hard!
exhausted! :( but i knew that this would happen.
thanks! :)
codeacademy is easily the best place to learn coding for beginners.
very important day tomorrow. google code jam and topcoder open round 1c.
your thoughts on the newly created Microsoft Open Technologies?
Sweet in mess today for Tamil new year http://t.co/JqE1L5rV
when will my wp7 ever come? :(
always felt that people who can paint are v interesting people. good job google. more of them will be known to the world now. #artproject
artproject
wondering what this google art project is.
ok.
even feels that my room feels stuffy and hot.
I woke up now and felt just the same. http://t.co/seseHn7S #feelingthesameasameme
feelingthesameasameme
Challenge accepted.
Trying out bubbly. This is kinda cool. Listen at: http://t.co/JRxpywSC
Wow! These prickly heat powders really do work! #summerheat
summerheat
Can tweeting about studies actually help in studying? #importantkoshchin
importantkoshchin
announced where? anyone from our wing?
Lol. Coin attracted to a magnetized tester spinning crazily in front of a table fan. http://t.co/UcJaB2Pn
i am going to change.
this is crazy. power is back. what is going on?
power cut again.
so, google+ has something that looks a timeline too.
the google+ plane never took off and it has burst into flames already.
lol. what happened to the interface at google+??
muhahaha. power back.
no water in cooler. dying of thirst and dehydration!
what the hell! power cut again! i dont want to live in this stupid place!
I just love the keys on my l lappy http://t.co/OTI28Ke5
Dear fan. Y U NOOO SPIN?  http://t.co/evQJ5aOH
outrageously funny!! http://t.co/8gYmVpWG
realized that some users do not want to believe that every piece of software runs on code.
Extremely dehydrated. :(
Friends doing what they usually do http://t.co/VCarFYWf
laptop low battery. i think i'll study something from my tab now.
LOL!
using my table fan again. yay!
successful project review. :) our hard work paid off. yay!
time is 10:07 am #uselesstweet
uselesstweet
i'm impressed with the content-price ratio though. #funbook
funbook
lol. this funbook pic shows IE as an app. but the fact is, there is no IE on android! http://t.co/9gDHYEpX
realized that it is always best to be neutral towards companies, platforms and all kinds of software. #onemightneverknowhowtheychange
onemightneverknowhowtheychange
after all, project is for 6 credits (=2 subjects) and each review is like a CT. better to focus on it now.
i think i will concentrate on my project for the next 2 hours and shut down my laptop before the power cut begins.
was looking into codeplex now. i think i'll rather wait for it to gather some momentum before hopping on to it.
now that i have decided to become google-neutral, i am now moving my codes from http://t.co/VxKtMI8w to github.
ok ok. :D
summa da. Leela, ht, ssk, msb and a few other profs had a meeting. That's all.
couldn't resist taking a pic of this conversation :D http://t.co/jFtLPfne
:D
My precious http://t.co/r0FgTbGl
Random window http://t.co/xqGFj8I8
wattabottle http://t.co/dlwljqZl
'Maad'ern college http://t.co/0Pre27NO
looking into powertop now.
having green font on a black background does not make one a 'hacker'.
some secret meeting of the 'rebel' profs going on. plz note.
damn. the ideapad yoga is priced at 1900$!! that is way too costly. :(
and that of course means that i can be on twitter as well. :P
trying to download ieee papers related to sentiment analysis from college lab wifi now.
Last 1.30 class ever!
fb should have produced an instagram rival last year itself. approx 30$ per user on instagram to buy it out.
That was a great session with my project team mates! Feeling confident about my project now. :)
u submitted?
when submission? Tuesday only, right?
yes da. :(
omg!!! completely forgot!! have a huge assignment to finish!!
kalaai max! :D http://t.co/hZiwvG91
waiting for lumia 900 to start trending on twitter.
all of us suppli then. :P
there. perfectly caps a horrible day. didn't get my windows phone today. missed most of csk match. couldn't study properly. flopped tc now.
solved the 250 extremely slowly! worst performance ever. no time to finish 500. #tc
tc
sadly, i slept off and missed round 1a.
topcoder open round 1b starting in a minute.
monday morning.
oh. ok ok. thanks da. what else news? when is project review? this thursday, friday?
ok. thanks. how were the ct questions?
what to study in rts and adbms? the portions discussed on the fb group?
need help about what to study and how to study.
machi. need help about ct da.
no idea da. came back yday night.
Cleant it in spite of my mom's protests. Works without a noise now. :) yay!
For so many months, my home pc used to whine and groan so loudly! Opened it, found that there was dust accumulated on the fan.
Dad singing http://t.co/yOrcVHOS
do blog abt it da. Want to do the same.
Chuck this stupid adv dbms subject. Going to switch to rts now.
If there was something that motivated me to study, it was the fact that my friends were studying too. Now that is also gone.
When everyone else was studying, i was enjoying. Now i have to study, when everyone else enjoys.
idlis are best eaten with the help of yoursporks. i just did. :)
Ranganathan http://t.co/uci2ExoY
i frankly don't see the point in dancing. i came here for food. please stop dancing people, so that they van serve us food.
they can force me to the dance floor but they can't make me dance.
can feel the whole place resonate due to this extremely loud music!!! mavane! i am going deaf!
won a Microsoft bottle. yay!
with the new t shirt that i received http://t.co/OioOzmQI
Just posted a photo http://t.co/x9aKO6vK
at Hyderabad. for Microsoft new hires day.
Hotel Tara http://t.co/vA5n1Js7
Just posted a photo http://t.co/gShkjTtP
Just posted a photo http://t.co/NO5KTYQ2
Just posted a photo http://t.co/iHmqVbEj
First http://t.co/kz1FfgzF
instagram for android!
Hyderabad airport is beautiful!
hmmm. i might be working on visual studio. i might even get what i want, too. get to work on windows phone, perhaps?
in airport waiting for ranga.
Ct 2 over!! :D for me, at least. ;)
thanks da.
need notes for central bank da. can u take photo and upload?
Google's Apr1 pranks sound so mokkai.
why?
my class rep is an idiot.
galaxy ace.
damn! forgot about today's topcoder match and slept off in the evening! remembered only now!
apps related to carnatic music. nothing much actually.
damn. i sat down to read about text mining and ended up making a rage comic!
great that the guys at http://t.co/xp3gl9J4 replied. their reference links would be useful for my project. :)
hmmm. what do i do now?
Back to omega. But its v3 now. Blazing speed... :)
Every single fourth year boy must have come to the mess for evening snacks today!! What is happening??
Raining suddenly like a big storm here!!
Missing my phone camera. Moving to omegav3 from cm9.
totally love this!
this was just waiting to happen. regionalism on twitter.
it doesn't?? :D
got my flight tickets to attend new hires day. :) #microsoft
microsoft
and i think the best reflection of that transformation is metro.
microsoft is surely transforming.
i hope that i get a lumia 900 when i join office! :D
hmmm.
rapidminer is awesome!
not bad. i am working on my project without getting distraced by twi... OOPS!
was so happy that i was working on my project properly from today. saw that my prof had already mailed me yday asking abt my progress!
not yet. will be receiving a htc surround very shortly. most probably would be getting one when i join office too.
Nice! Windows Phone was not supposed to get LTE support  till Apollo. http://t.co/ERwI0c76
ah ha! look at this. http://t.co/FerRJQNL
this is strange. i didn't unfollow anyone recently but when i go visit a few people's profile, it says that i don't follow them anymore.
i used to loathe power cuts when i was a kid. i don't even know what term to use to describe my feelings for them now.
cyan!
Lumia 900!!
6 signs Microsoft has got its mojo&#160;back http://t.co/l7zhhKrq
reading a paper titled as &quot;Towards Linux as a Real Time Hypervisor&quot;. interesting.
Temple run is finally here on android!
or even view it on your pillow cover! :)
realized the same thing last week.
of course, i'd be getting it for free from microsoft india as part of that &quot;i unlock joy campaign&quot; for developing 4 windows phone apps.
it might not be the latest wp but am still eagerly waiting for my htc surround as it would be my first #windowsphone experience!
windowsphone
dunno da.
dunno what will be done.
ind eco only. he seems to be as lazy as me. :D
ranga. :P
at least i don't look sincere. :P
just realized that some people are not as sincere as they seem to be. #assignmentteammate
assignmentteammate
ah. the moment i close twitter, the attachment starts getting uploaded properly.
hotmail doesn't seem to be very good in handling attachments. this is so frustrating!
wow. http://t.co/Cb7U5SA1 has improved its website a little. looks more pleasant now.
Adithya from comp sci. was known as &quot;Mess&quot;.
doubtful. am a final year at NIT-T right now. got the news from my bro who was 3 years senior to me here at NITT. disturbing news.
u from NIT-T?
running ICS on my phone! can't believe it!!
finally!!
hmmm. seem to be stuck on the start screen.
wow! the starting animation rocks!!
whew. installed successfully.
60% over. system being installed right now.
flashing cm9 beta5 on my galaxy ace now. hopefully everything should go fine.
the team behind interviewstreet seems to be  doing a wonderful job! can feel interviewstreet's presence almost everywhere now!
and the best part? my rating was as low as 625 at one point of time! :D feels good now.
yay! my rating crossed 1000 in #topcoder at last!
topcoder
166th in div2. hmmm. i should have still solved that 300 pt problem correctly. not good. scope for a lot of improvement. #topcoder
topcoder
Am finally able to retrieve tweets using twitter4j. More hopeful about my project now.
true that.
damn. cant even update my twitter app settings at http://t.co/vzLIMiUm. keeps saying that Twitter is over capacity.
trying out clementine now.
hilarious! Gizmodo: &quot;we gave people an ipad 2, told them it was the new ipad and they loved it&quot; http://t.co/MPD9xhMd
http://t.co/JxN4K4pE posting your question here might help.
Intel is going to insane levels to popularize its ultrabooks! Aweome video! Social experiment, it seems. http://t.co/nVX2V0uE
both. :)
i wasn't surprised by the climax but what happens in the middle of the book.
the secret of the nagas is a good book. of course, not good as a stand-alone book but along with the immortals of meluha.
missed today's topcoder srm because the rooms were full before i could register.
Power cut in hostels. Bed bugs even in AC bus, on the way home. Rotten life.
quality of cricinfo has just plummeted.
&quot;it was destined that SRT wud get his 100th century against &amp;amp; in the country where he had equalled Gavaskar's then-record 34 Test centuries&quot;
Cheap cricinfo. I bet hey would have written &quot;it was destiny&quot; if Sachin had hit the 100th at any time in any place.
@unreachableHost
why would people unfollow anyway?
omg! I think I clicked unfollow by accident! I would never unfollow u on purpose da. sorry buddy.
hosted at http://t.co/cDSeMaLy
source code?
please don't retweet this.
trying to use twitter4j now.
lol. those guys have used the same BGM in their promo trailer as my coll guys did, for pragyan. #copy
copy
kuruksastra?? seriously, what kind of a name is that?
sure! :)
back to reading about my project.
omg. i totally forgot to let twitterverse know about my new android app. here it is. Bunk Score. https://t.co/AmqBZ5S3..
Things seem to be changing at Google. http://t.co/Z1Aw9Ey1
there. topped up using freecharge.
not from this semester.
feeling very sleepy.
lol.
its 4.30! yay! running off to mess. #thathungry
thathungry
naanga nambuvom. avanga nambuvaangalaa? :P
lol.
as a student developer, i honestly think that developing for windows phone is much easier than developing for android.
will give myself an hour to finish this app.
hmmm.
hungry. :-/
dunno. not very clear about what the msg exactly means.
dunno. not very clear about the msg exactly means.
my previous tweet is the msg i got from airtel. shortened to fit within 140 chars, of course.
Ur Twitter on USSD wil b renewed in nxt 3 days n u'll be charged Rs5 for 5 days from ur airtel mobile account. To unsubscribe, dial *515*22#
wth! has airtel decided to charge users for using twitter through sms?? 5 Rs for 5 days??
i wonder where i misplaced my data cable for my phone.
first, got to finish that bunk score app.
:)
i found most ebooks too difficult to start with. i started with those tutorials at http://t.co/LBq5LZyW.
that beard gave him that thalaivar status. #baasha
baasha
it is time i admit on twitter that i have watched #baasha only once ever in my life. thalaivare, please forgive me.
baasha
no. :(
twitter, Y U NO showing #basha as a trending tag??
basha
programming isn't just a skill. its a way of thinking.
nope. not at all.
don't worry. use the right earphones. *trollface* :D
#CLT Sitapathe by Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer
CLT
one simply doesn't wish chuck norris belated birthday wishes.
72 years ago, Chuck Norris decided to let humanity know his presence.
true.
:P
been using that list for almost a year now. :)
i don't even know why i typed the above tweet. am very jobless, i guess.
cow and dog fighting near the dustbin near the mess. visible from room.
maate maladwaja in khamas ranks as one of my favorite songs of all time.
so what shall we do about the tweetup? what shall we discuss about?
check this out. https://t.co/JF5UZBLj
will let those guys know. :P
why so? why not a different model?
hmmm. looking into twitter4j now.
i hate it when klout makes me tweet stupid things to enable me to complete quests.
According to @klout, my Klout score is 51. How influential are you? http://t.co/ZETS90eO
first step. data retrieval. get me those tweets, i say.
will get started on my project now.
still waiting for my new windows phone 7 device. hope i get it at least by the end of this month.
running ubuntu, win 7 and win 8 consumer preview successfully on my laptop now. #tripleboot
tripleboot
this Boot-Repair script suggested in the Ubuntu FAQ is amazing! recovering my ubuntu grub became a breeze after installing it.
This is new to me. Never knew that power goes at 4.30 am as well. #sleeplessnight
sleeplessnight
900 kbps. good.
so what's the plan?
great! my blog http://t.co/45cyhq7N reached 15,000 views! :)
&quot;So dude, what's the new iPad called?&quot; &quot;...&quot;
Lol. I bet no blogger or tech mag guessed this name. The new iPad, it is.
The fact that there is a bias against giving respect to female people in the Hindi language speaks volumes about the people who created it.
many bugs fixed. new features added. i heard that something like more than 100,000 changes were brought about in the code.
honest suggestion. don't join my college. we are having &amp;gt;10 hours of powercut daily from this semester.
AIR 1100. Tamilnadu state 28.
NIT Trichy.
nice. :)
21. you?
i wanted to upgrade that windows 8 developer preview in my third partition to consumer preview. forgot. will do it tomo.
@Aarthi_2410, your Klout Score is decent (I'm a 51). Check out your profile today! http://t.co/DP3WPElP
I just completed the Connect all networks quest on Join me:  http://t.co/LjHpRIDg
would've retweeted that if not for the expletive. relatives following on twitter. :D
apple innovates. samsung copies. developers make it better. consumers benefit.
in brand power? surely! :)
if people researched, they would go for the one with the better config. but they don't research.
all those depend on the trust of people on apple. they dont research about products much.
i strongly feel that companies keep releasing products. so the &quot;Best Product&quot; title shifts back n forth. natural. :)
the original tab is nothing short of disgusting. the 10.1 is really good. maybe the ipad HD will trump galaxy tab 2 10.1.
exactly my point. love for steve jobs, worshippers and fanboys of apple. remove them n its a good product. not the best.
my grandpa owns an ipad2 &amp; my cousin owns an ipad.i like android as an OS. but the lack of updates from samsung? i hate.
product brand, advertising and fan following contribute to sales. if u compare them feature by feature, d 10.1 is better.
as long as there are communities away from the control of manufacturers and google, i am happy with android. :)
i don't particularly hate apple. just that my wants aren't exactly oriented with the devices that they make. :)
one need not even root an android phone to customize the looks of the OS.
i know about jailbreaking but android, by default provides thousands of launchers and apps to substitute system apps.
i chucked that slow, laggy ROM on my android device and installed a custom ROM. better speed, battery life, etc.
it is very smooth. trust me. i love apple for its innovation. but i feel other platforms provide more control for the user.
i feel customization trumps everything else. android allows a lot of customization. iOS doesn't.
i have loved the look n feel of mac os x. but i could make my ubuntu completely look like that. #customization
customization
s2 is light in weight. some ppl like the plastic feel n some dont. the bigger screen is awesome too!
Galaxy Tab 10.1 vs ipad 2. i have used both n felt the tab 10.1 was better. it has better camera too.
brand building? Yes. But best product? no. Samsung beats apple there.
Samsung is crazy. Launching so many Android phones. No brand building at all.
Google doesn't care about users with slow internet connection. Market/Play n Google+ are perfect examples.
WHY THE HELL IS THE MOBILE VERSION OF THE HINDU WEBSITE DISPLAYING FULL PAGE POP UP ADS???
Although i don't like siegler, this article is good. RT @TechCrunch: The iPad HD Sucks* http://t.co/ZDM8wyUl by @parislemon
Wow! RT @engadget: Nokia Lumia 800 update reportedly triples battery life http://t.co/h2KrVle4
If only students spent half their time of watching movies and taking photos of themselves, in writing programs...
Realized that I tweet more during class hours than my free hours.
Google play??
remember discussing this? someone already has done this. http://t.co/Ad4E45UH
Good to hear that Congress is performing poorly everywhere. :)
and with that adapter, i am able to connect my USB keyboard to my tab and tweet, just like the last tweet and this one too! :)
how could i be so careless? found an USB adapter for my galaxy tab 750 in the box that it came with, while searching for something else now!
key lime pie sounds worse than precise pangolin! what's with the ridiculous version names everywhere??
u should see their fb profile pics. @unreachableHost
we should. but i think we dunno how to get it. just feel that some1 should point out how we go abt doing it.
whom r we against? it's not that some1 is holding on to our power n not giving it to us.
i didnt buy it. The wifi-only model was released in india today.
Slept almost the whole day n feeling very groggy now.
it's just a wifi model. yeah. sad at that price.
the asus transformer prime android tablet.
Wait. So the transformer prime in India doesn't have 3g support? That's epic fail at that price!
I think I'll sleep again. Too tired to go have lunch.
Luckily, I didn't wait for it and got a Galaxy Tab 750.
Omg! Just woke up to the news that the transformer prime is coming to India for a ridiculous price of 50k! Who will even buy that??
hey, can i join u for ind eco assignment?
So hot here in college!
No balance, no signal for internet connection, no electricity, extremely hot weather! This is horrible!
Love the ASUS padfone video. Great to see how the industry is moving.
Hindi classes at last.
When will I get to drive???
Omg! In the middle of a hilarious adventure right now!
:P RT @localteaparty: Match interestingly poised
Driving test gonna start.
thank you! :)
The day has finally come. Driving test day. :)
Yay. Am a full-fledged XDA member now. Reached 10 posts. :)
Yay. Won a TopCoder T-shirt. :)
khamas is one raagam which i'll never stop loving. reminds me of my childhood, learning music from my mother and grandmother.
power back.
LOL! @localteaparty
What a Year&#8211;XDA Portal Turns Two! http://t.co/31HYz3dE via @xdadevelopers
read your mail now. shocked to know! some of us were not organizing this year. I hope the organizers respond properly.
thought so! :D what about YOU? ;)
it is 'laugh' in tamil. :D
even the blank slides? :P
Omg. Even after being told that Gayle's slides are available online, my friend was able to point out a girl who was taking notes down!
This is unexpected. Gayle Laakman's lecture is boring.
Everyone here at #pragyan enjoying Mike Brown's video conference. @plutokiller
pragyan
Mike Brown has a fitting twitter id. @plutokiller
Wow! Narendra Nayak is ripping into Sai Baba, Amrita lady, Sri Sri Ravishankar and Baba Ramdev in #pragyan!
pragyan
all of us here in Pragyan are enjoying hearing u talk. :)
Getting to know more about the favorite person I eagerly watch on TV! @xercyn
Having a wonderful video conference with (Jeff Lieberman) at #pragyan!
pragyan
Awesome time lapse videos being shown in Pragyan!
Tweetcaster for android tablets is super-awesome!
Stupid team at info desk. Announcing wrong timings for events. #pragyan
pragyan
tweetcaster pro is my favorite!
geeklist is really awesome. must start using it properly from now on.
the way my distractions have moved. reddit-&amp;gt;twitter-&amp;gt;xda-developers.
:D
I got placed before I applied to start a GTUG. :P simply involving myself in tech stuff as much as I can. :-)
yes. in last July. thanks! :-)
finally! after nearly 7 months of waiting for that mail from Microsoft, got it today, at last! :D
heard that cm7 doesnt support ace properly.
awesome speed da.
running a custom ROM on my phone for the first time! and its the super-fast OmegaRomv2 for the Galaxy ACE! thank you @CooperROMs!
Sweet, and are giving away 4 Galaxy Nexuses and 4 Transformer Primes. Wish me luck! http://t.co/jH848zeM
the extent to which people would go to promote their college fests!! some guys are adding their fest's name to their facebook name!
wanted to ask you this for a long time. was the pragyan promo trailer your effort? brilliant da!
to think that i might be able to be calm and enjoy life after my cycle tests. this is much more hectic than i thought!
hectic day! no sleep at all. :(
i hope this doesn't turn out to be a 'taking the horse to the water' story. must wait and watch.
some random hindi actor/director who makes a fool of him on twitter. @unreachableHost
lol! :D
was planning to do it yday night in the bus, but i was so tired preparing for the cycle tests that i dozed off.
finished updating necessary stuff right now for the android dev camp of NITT GTUG chapter.
good morning tweeps! hectic day ahead!
Galaxy Tab 10.1!!
I just unlocked the &quot;Bender&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/pHiftufC
I just unlocked the &quot;Campus Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/lgaxkLkR
I just became the mayor of Mechanical department on @foursquare! http://t.co/yoXHgeAo
I just unlocked the &quot;Crunked&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/FpA0NN4Q
I just unlocked the &quot;Overshare&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/0Xnkbxdl
Trying Vlingo for twitter.
I am a noob when it comes to custom ROMs. What does the latest blogpost on cm9 actually mean? How do I compile cm9 for my galaxy tab 10.1?
I just unlocked the &quot;Super User&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/a0GV72Nh
I just became the mayor of Pearl hostel on @foursquare! http://t.co/YTRJXqLG
I just unlocked the &quot;Local&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/nV1ruwBE
I just unlocked the &quot;School Night&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/D0p4azov
Omg! What an unexpected adventure! Back home at last.
Back home. That was one of the most decent journeys I had, in a long time. #nobedbugs
nobedbugs
And the protagonist of the series surely resembles my uncle.
My favorite character from the series? The janitor!
And this scrubs series gave me a great insight into their lives! Loved it.
I wonder how medicos become who they are. They are awesome!
ac bus.
I just hope I don't get a fever.
There is only one person in this whole wide world who will never hurt u. And that's yourself.
Yay! Jadeja namakke!
This is so comfortable! Studying in college library with my tablet connected to the internet using college wifi.
I just unlocked the &quot;Bookworm&quot; badge on @foursquare! Long live print! http://t.co/H56nJVp0
I just unlocked the &quot;Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/X5lkXFJa
I'm at Mega Mess 2 w/ http://t.co/rmZl1JNR
how?
No power. No water. Waiting to get away from this place.
dei. Its not an elective for us da.
http://t.co/6LtUzhwM throwing Missing X-TransactionID header error.
Why should a comp sci engineer know about all this industrial economics nonsense??
Dear prof, is it ok if I stop writing notes n start tweeting about it instead?
Bunked the first class today to spend time writing code. :-P
And the best part was when one random student came up n told that I drove nicely.
Yay! Done. Drove from BHEL to mech dept in coll. :-)
lol. Within the college campus. Talking about these mad trichy roads now.
Should hopefully get a chance to drive on the road today. :-)
That's it. Enough working on that app for today.
My previous tweet shows how headlines can be so misleading.
Meet Bill Gates, the Man Who Changed Open Source Software | Wired Enterprise | http://t.co/9yM9sACl http://t.co/a9bUjsnA
what exactly goes in those chinese facilities: http://t.co/vPVY7ePw
apple is so disgustingly evil that they don't mind inhuman conditions of workers in china assembling apple products.
oh my god! #3wordstories
3wordstories
take care da. btw, i personally use those himalaya's septillin in case of throat infection. v effective for me.
what happened da?
from now on, i promise to make a conscious effort to not loathe anyone, fight with anyone or hold grudges against anyone.
Got a new watch n flute! Yay!
that's it. i have decided to concentrate more on my project from now on.
Indha pic badgeukku onnum korachal illai.
i wish ravi shankar sir was here on twitter.
Lol. Comedy pasanga. Spelling mistakes on such a poster.
damn. this means that i can't write android apps until i get back to college. #everythingbroken #needtoupdateeclipse
everythingbroken
needtoupdateeclipse
fletcher must go.
oh. ok ok. thanks. :)
done. :) thanks.
doubt. what is #CLT?
CLT
Back home safely, at last.
Omg! They are finally here!.bedbugs!
Phew! Got out of the traffic jam after nearly an hour!
So much traffic near the toll gate that they are sending off all vehicles w/o collecting any toll, to clear the traffic quickly!
read toi.
That news about the mad bus driver? It will henceforth be referred to as Swargate-gate.
Oooh. RT @TimMoore: Larry Page To Googlers: If You Don't Like 'Search Plus Your World,' Hit The Road (GOOG) http://t.co/Ya0dPzjH
still in the bus. :D
Changed my place once again.
doesn't seemto be.
Omg. He is sitting next to me again and is trying to start a conversation with me now!
Can't switch on gprs to risk draining out my battery completely. Only twitter SMS can keep me awake now.
One thing is sure. I won't be able to sleep with this suspicious character around.
I changed my seat back to the front. Let's see what happens now.
After a while,this guy comes n sits in a diagonally front seat. N starts glancing behind to see what I am upto.
After a while, I said that i am going back n went n sat at the back.
He came and sat down next to me when the almost all rows behind us were empty.
He took some ticket for 120 only which means he'll get down somewhere on the way to Chennai.
Fishy looking character in the bus.
As usual, my phone's battery drains at the start of my journey.
Off to Chennai. Hope to have a safe journey.
These power cuts should be banned.
Tweaking my galaxy ace to look more n more like a wp7 phone. Love it!
This industrial economics class is a waste of our time.
Glad that my teammates accepted my project idea. Hopefully everything should go on smoothly.
Glad that I rooted my phone. Removed some useless apps today.
Awesome lady's fingers in mess today!
Hmmm. I thought I'd want to take a break today. But no. I think I'll go n code now.
need something to drink. parched!
successfully submitted my 3rd and 4th wp7 app today. should wait and see whether they are certified or not.
could not upload as much details as i wanted. shortened it and submitted. too exhausted to complete it fully now.
4 over so far, 150 remaining. Need to speed up.
Here goes, the countdown begins from 154 now.
So, that's decided then. Retiring from college gully cricket as well. No proper ball, no proper rules. Too random for my liking.
After what seems like an eternity, finally got the app ready. Submitted now. Hopefully should get successfully certified.
6 left.
Should ensure I go to sleep properly in the night n not doze off abruptly, like yday.
Hmmm. &quot;Google's earnings disappoint&quot; while &quot;Microsoft's quarterly profits exceeds expectations&quot;? Sign of changing times?
More importantly, I need breakfast.
9 left. I need a break.
7 out of 18.
6 out of 18 done.
Omg! This coffee tastes terrible!! Feel like puking!
Freezing cold outside! According to trichy standards, of course.
Sigh. Finished only 5 out of 18, so far.
Off to driving class now. First day. :-)
Whew. Procedures over. Off to college now.
Waiting in rto office now. Gotta wait till 12 for power to come back, it seems.
at NIT Trichy, my college. Has never been so cold here, before.
Damn. Both, gprs balance n talktime balance out. Must top up today.
hmmm. need more ideas...
should start work on my final sem project soon.
Damn. Tubelight gone in my room.
Can't believe that its so cold here in the campus!
this just took less that &amp;lt;60 seconds. #rootinggalaxyace
rootinggalaxyace
damn! am on a 7 match losing streak. life sucks! #chess
chess
At 35th Chennai book fair now. Wondering how my mom convinced me to come here.
true. but depends on whom u watch along with.
feel like punching myself in the face!
liked ur article in Business Insider on why windows phone will be a success.
a close family friend died in a road accident. he must be only 29-30 years old. got a wife and a daughter.
a few things. voter id card, college id card, atm card and some cash.
i thought yday was terrible. today seems worse.
new day, new beginning.
One hell of a night. Tortured by bedbugs for the past few hours.
yeah. :-(
Disastrous ending to a lousy day. Got pickpocketed in local bus!!
And here it is. Carnatic Quiz app for Windows phone users. http://t.co/Cy6sv0XC
opera seems to be crashing frequently for me. need some other browser that can support slow net connections properly.
that carnatic quiz app has been successfully certified. waiting for it to become active in the windows phone marketplace.
hello twitter. am back.
Library is v nice. Best way to spend an afternoon.
brought my spectacle case to coll only to find that my spectacles aren't inside. left it at home. :(
my fate is sealed. going for two tech electives.
Damn. All the good electives are getting canceled. None of my friend seem to be taking the same choice of electives as myself, too.
ok. :)
sure. do I ask them to contact through twitter?
this summer. am placed in microsoft on-campus, actually. would be interested in an internship.
sorry. saw ur tweet only now. college re-opening tomorrow. so, leaving tonight. can i know more?
most importantly, i want to become more consistent in coding.
enough resolutions about my food intake and health. have taken a few about coding now as well.
some ppl don't deserve even a little help. because they'll stab u in the back, anyway.
Expected. Got terribly low grades in the two most randomly corrected subjects. Stupid correction.
irritated.
i don't understand. shouldn't a company that helps other companies in their hiring process follow the same hiring process??
v nice dp da! :)
too many tutorials available for developing windows phone 7 apps. finding it difficult to choose the best among them.
kutcheri buzz published a small text on my Android app in yday's issue! http://t.co/uVTqrgTo  via http://t.co/DE4Akmwl
today WILL be an eventful day for me. so, i don't think its a new year yet. i want to enjoy this day too.
i dont understand. many ppl dont seem to think that december has 31 days. #newyearwishes
newyearwishes
good morning tweeps.
not yet da. waiting for gokul.
why isn't any1 posting the actual results on facebook??
frustrating! more than 8 hours spent on this stupid thing! i give up!
something similar da. but its pretty stupid.
wth! downloaded 78.6 MB out of 100 odd and it just froze!! next download available only after half an hour.
sometimes ur best intentions are misunderstood.
damn it. cook didn't turn up today. no proper tiffin. can't go out and buy too, due to this hell of a downpour!
stupid windows! doesn't even allow me to change file permissions properly.
sutham. rooting is going to take at least 3 days with this net speed.
i think tonight will be the night when i root my phone. i think it'll take more than tonight to download the necessary files though.
+8. was worth the wait after all. :P
that means my rank is somewhere around 380. oh well.
damn! it seems i flopped my 500pt solution!
that just means i would have to stay awake for a longer time now.
&quot;System test results will be delayed. We'll try to announce them as soon as possible. We apologize for technical problems.&quot; #topcoder
topcoder
lol. this &quot;Value Pack&quot; for Gal S and Tab, 'sounds' silly, although it might be really good.
one thing is for sure. if my rating goes above 1000 today, i'll do a night out. :D
hmmm. tourist seems to be the #1 today, as of now. of course, could Petr be far behind? he's on #2 now.
will do it TRS style. announce my rank on twitter if it is decent. otherwise go to sleep silently. :P
hope i got those 2 problems right.
time for system tests! bring it on! :P
waiting for the challenge phase to start.
hmmm. just one guy submitted a solution for the 1000pt problem in my room.
8 minutes left. oh well. i give up. will learn from the editorial after the contest.
frustrating...
i can never solve these 1000pt problems until i practise more.
hmmm. the next few months will decide whether i want to keep my fb account or not.
almost forgot. topcoder match at 9.30 tonight.
Tab updated to 3.2. Naice. :-)
50% now.
49% of installation done. :-)
Downloaded 3.2 honeycomb update. Updating device now. :-)
3.2 honeycomb update available for my tab! :)
cool. got a pinterest account now. going to try it now.
Hmmm. Time to sit n learn c#.
oh nice. when is ur date of joining?
same for airtel.
Opened cricinfo, clicked live scorecard, first thing I see is: Tendulkar OUT! Lol.
so, where is ur posting? Chennai? Any extra news? Which team?
cool. connectify works perfectly. @connectifyme
tendulkar &amp; dravid: 49th partnership of 50 or more in Tests.
hussey seems to be troubling the batsmen.
hmmm. no century in this test match so far.
poda hilfenaus. not out.
lol. now i see posts ranting abt the kindle fire. lol again.
the most common reply why ppl don't adapt to a new platform: &quot;others aren't on it&quot;. #linux #g+ #wp7
linux
g
wp7
dropped thrice?
&quot;just because others do it&quot; would be the lamest reason of all time.
no. i never backed up all phone contacts to gmail da.
yeah! still haven't finished deleting contacts starting with 'A'!!
realized that i had synced my google+ contacts along with their profile images to my android phone. that explains y phone memory got full.
yay! shifted old photos from mob to comp and freed 700mb on sd card.
paruppu saadham at pathu mani pm.
dei! its super awesome da!
wow! congrats da!! kalakku!!
damn! sadly yes.
expecting a dravid, sachin and a ponting century. come on!
nice one!
does anyone else think that the galaxy y ad looks stupid? #overacting
overacting
Created my own Android app and launched it on the market. http://t.co/FZQht9QE
true. its too early.
that must be the second time today that ponting lost his balance after playing a shot.
don't u think he is struggling against those balls outside the off-stump? he might edge them any time.
if is awake at odd hours in the morning, go check ur tv. there must be an awesome cricket test series going on!
ponting plays football to keep the ball away from the stumps.
all australian batsmen struggling against bouncers.
umesh strikes again! marsh goes for a duck!
Warner gone!
Yay. Covers are off once again.
I just watched one ball! Damn! Rains.
thanks! :)
for those who missed this tweet earlier: to all carnatic music fans who own an android, i present you this. http://t.co/RaIEv4qq
I still love how dickens portrayed scrooge.
Today is christmas? Bah! Humbug.
about right time too. power cut now.
should keep improvising it.
there it is! finally on the app market. available for download. https://t.co/ldgwSGrQ
typed 100+ questions and answers for the app! fingers paining. must take a break.
i just left my seat once to drink water. must've been 5-6 hours of continuous work from today morning.
it is undeniably a mokka app as of now. but at least, the first version is ready.
have never worked this hard in my life! the first version of my app is ready. learning how to sign and upload in the market.
what a terrible start to the day!
lol. will surely get to know tomorrow then. :) good night.
ok. :) btw, i follow ur tweets regularly but do not know ur real name. can i know now? :D
great! am attending ganesh-kumaresh concert at 5.30 am tomo in panchamuga anjaneyar temple in mylapore. will be in academy at 8. :)
i would like to meet u tweeps interested in carnatic music. am one too. saw ur timeline n realized that there seem to be many of u.
u were there? i thought amrit's lec-dem was good too.
why the hell am i so inconsistent in coding?!!
ganesh-kumaresh concert in that anjaneyar temple tomo morning at 5.30! yay! i remember how wonderful it was last time!
awake at last!
so, here i am, beginning work on my final year project.
as said brilliantly by my friend, when u don't know what to do next, do the job that u will have to do for sure, anyway.
update for my rapidminer tool? u must be kidding! i downloaded it this morning!
Both lec dems were awesome today! Totally worth skipping today's srm.
Never did I know that Umayalpuram Sivaraman could be so witty while speaking!
&quot;Every rhythm has a counter rhythm.&quot; - Trichy shankaran. #ethirnadai
ethirnadai
Not because I follow the thanjavur style of playing, but I personally don't like how the palani style sounds. #mirudangam
mirudangam
had to choose between today's tc match or the lec-dem on &quot;Sri. Harishankar style of khanjira playing&quot; by Sri. Amrit. chose the latter.
i don't like it at all when more than one interesting event happens at the same time.
hmmm. realized that i might not be able to attend today's tc srm. sigh.
good morning tweeps.
del. Google for the apk file. Problem solved. :P
checking out the google currents app now.
first time i see so many of my friends talk abt something related to google+, after the first week. #schemer
schemer
check HK's fb post.
ask da.
woah! when did this release? never knew about this.
my grandma's feedback after listening to kola veri: &quot;dhanush has sung well. he has maintained shruthi properly.&quot;
i wonder why ppl like foursquare. hmmm.
back to using macbuntu.
sigh. still haven't found an driver update that fixes my touchpad on windows. i don't want to resort using a mouse.
Removed my mobile cover n been like that for the past one week. This feels much better.
sony pix must be having some deal with the producers of the Resident Evil series. daily some movie from that series.
but that is more related to ppl involved in a medical profession. i think i'll go ahead with my idea.
a brilliant idea struck me. when i googled abt it, sadly someone had beat me to it. it is this. http://t.co/3w46Sybc
this is the article that i am reading now. really well written! http://t.co/PY8Z44Xj
TIL abt docblocks. nice. :)
going to spend time today on stackoverflow.
Preparing for carnatic music quizzes now. Any suggestions?
omg! never knew that there was a windows phone camp in chennai today. could've learnt something.
RIM stopped innovating over the past few years.
brand value can't stand forever. apple regularly released new innovations over the last decade. RIM didn't.
of course, there is this ubislate thingy but it doesn't even satisfy some basic requirements.
i repeat. kindle fire isn't THE android tablet. its the poor man's tablet.
Playing the khanjira would surely improve my mirudangam playing.
Started playing the khanjira again. So much fun!
Wth! Four 29c passed but not a single 27d!
Second time I'm seeing her!
Jayalalitha in a convoy!
Maayamma ninne now.
As brilliant as ever! Trichur brothers in music academy singing awesomely!
there should be an #IdiotKiranBedi trending tag.
IdiotKiranBedi
whew. xda-developers is back.
Had an awesome day today!
wth airtel! losing money at regular intervals when i am not even using my phone! no call, sms or gprs.
wow! finishing off long pending problems on spoj at a decent rate. happening only after i began to realize that coding is fun.
accepted now. :) potuko!
lol. yeah.
remember that CSTREET problem? there is a price per unit length input parameter called p da. lol.
slept for only 4 hours, walked around for 2 hours n ppl at home are getting angry that i'm not coming along with them to a lec dem now!
Outside kapaleeshwarar temple now. Waiting for our bhajan troupe to start.
+32 :-)
that should have been a flopcoder match as i slept off in the middle of the srm. cant stay awake for even a sec more. good night tweeps.
topcoder first. twitter later.
dad askin for android phone suggestions. does tat mean tat its time to get a new one for myself n hand over the one i have right now,to dad?
bro stopped changing channels n paused on  'oda oda oda thooram puriyala' song. patti asking whether this is the kolaveri song.
lol. every1 in my family getting more and more 'youth' and 'dude-like' these days.
parents and grandparents praising will smith's acting.
omg. almost forgot. topcoder srm tonight.
some ppl are so talented that they are awesome at everything that they play around with. #amazed
amazed
just realized that an android device is more useful for creative people than nerds like me.
nice app discovered by my friend. rangoli kolam on android. https://t.co/Tpb8LTUy..
now is the time i get over my laziness and do something important!
off to music academy canteen with harimanjunathan.
student. or student at nit-t.
one of my classmate's linked-in intro reads - head of some pragyan event. is that how one introduces themselves to others? find it strange.
reminded of the da vinci code where the thatha says that everyone is entitled to hold their secrets.
RMS is the Karl Marx of the software industry.
the free software philosophy would have died if it not were for torvald's outstanding work.
but it should entirely be the choice of the programmer or the organization.
of course, software can continue to be commercially available too.
just as every1 is encouraged to do social service, every programmer must be encouraged to contribute to open source.
reading a biography on stallman. feel that the open source ideology is more like socialism.
Damn! Forgot to update my gprs pack.
Listening to Bombay sisters at music academy main hall now.
Insane crowd for t.n.krishnan's lec-dem at music academy mini hall! No place to even stand!
another useless day.
hmmm. this twitter 'discover' feature is exactly what i had in mind for my project. gotta think of a new one now.
how much ever hard i try, some things can never be done.
invading other countries, SOPA, tasering, pepper spraying. what next america?
at the end of the day, i'd rather live in a stupid country that i know than live in a stupid country that i don't know.
idiot american congressmen. they seem to be worse than our politicians.
i could also stop tweeting and start working.
i could write some wp7 apps. might help understanding a few unknown stuff. #c#
c
i could build write a few android apps. or spend time on improving the wordpress android app too.
i could start my btech final project. got to read more papers abt data mining tweets, as my proj is related to it! ;)
i could start my preparation for code jam. spoj, codechef and topcoder beckon.
now that there is no answer to &quot;what should i do?&quot;, its time to answer &quot;what can i do?&quot;.
i want to attend a few lecture demonstrations in the morning today.
wouldn't mind if BB is replaced by wp in the 3rd spot.
glad that the trip went without any problems. whew!
back home at last! :)
Cool. Update for my galaxy tab 10.1.
full freedom. v encouraging.
wow! my prof is super cool! :)
Stupid powercut. Need to stay in the dark for the next 45 min or leave. I'll stay.
damn. just wait for a few months n u get a smartphone with similar features but for half the price. #galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
Stupid powercut!
At kulithalai station now. Which means trichy junction is next. :-)
Whew! Reached station safely, one hour before my train departs.
Yay! Signal, at last!
signal at least now!
Reached munnar safely.
thanks to twitter, I am able to update my close ones with what I am doing.
hope to have a safe trip.
luckily, abhishek bachchan doesn't see my tweets.
r we going to kochi or directly to munnar? no idea.
the bus starts at last.
typical. arbit stranger sitting next to me in bus.
yeppa, please start our bus. Unbearably hot in here.
That same feeling after I wrote jee n after I got placed. &quot;What do I do from now on?&quot;
and finally, the big day is here. acm icpc amritapuri regionals 2011 contest in a few hours. #amicpc
amicpc
off to the beach, at last, after so much waiting. #amicpc
amicpc
all tweets tagged with #amicpc being displayed here. hmmm.
amicpc
Registering for munnar trip now. #amicpc
amicpc
Practice contest n lunch done. :) #amicpc
amicpc
not with battery life. but with battery sensors, yes.
At kayankulam at last.
nice weather here. :-)
heard that the battery indicator in unrooted android phones doesn't work properly. should root mine soon.
hmmm. all sabarimala devotees getting down here.
at chengannur station now. kayankulam would be next.
yay. able to charge my phone, at last.
dammit. roaming charges for incoming calls. should remember that.
oops. forgot that battery was low. should stop tweeting. good thing that it has survived the night anyway.
nothing scheduled for today. but I think today will still be good. looking forward to an exciting day. :)
hmmm. train delayed by 1.5 hours. should have reached kayankulam by now. now only at kottayam.
Good morning tweeps! :)
no 20 print outs for the contest, this time?
ennadhu? gandhi sethuttaara? :P
opened up cricinfo to find out that jadeja has bowled a maiden now! in this pitch!! #whattaman
whattaman
i know. ubuntu is my primary distro anyway. had built chromium os on my pendrive 11 months ago, just for fun.
i was trying to remove a problem. the problem itself is solved!!
and it reboots chroimium os again! twitter, facebook and g+ were all crashing earlier. n they work fine now! lol!
enna pa comedy ithu! i format the pendrive through windows n reboot my comp.
reason? can't even update the software in it.
correction. &quot;chromium&quot; os.
planning to remove this 'old' chrome OS from my pendrive.
i am missing #in50hrs again, this weekend! sigh. why do big events combine all the time?
in50hrs
yay! solved one silly problem that had been bugging me for so many days. simple DP but i had been thinking that it was much tougher.
i like this. waking up early and compensating for it in the afternoon with a nap. :) feel so fresh now.
wth! i can't even solve a minimizing knapsack problem. getting errors. hmmm.
i swear i wont play this crazily addicting game for the next 1 week! it is beginning to ruin my life.
since i am in a bad mood, i'll play for a while and then sit and study properly.
what do i do now? surrender to my addiction of playing &quot;dungeon defenders: second wave&quot; or sit and code properly?
i will never be able to look at a computer the same way again. coz everything looks so damn fuzzy! #eyepower
eyepower
my previous tweet kinda summarizes how my life is. sigh...
thanks! :)
good morning appa! topcoder match at 7.30 am. that's why. :)
woke up early at home, at last!
my headache might be due to that #IdiotKapilSibal.
IdiotKapilSibal
cooking noodles now. :)
omg!! i have 83 machine learning videos to watch! this is going to take a long long time.
i know some tv serials like dexter are supposed to be good. but no, thanks. i'd rather not waste my time on them.
how much have i lost in life due to my laziness?? more importantly, how much more will i lose? hmmm. need to change. drastically.
omg! i cant even watch a single video attentively for ten minutes! yawning continuously! :P
these videos are split into nice, small segments. just love it! now on to &quot;Cost Function - Intuition 1&quot;.
i wonder how ppl write fast. i need to relearn the act of writing.
hmmm. cost function...
been a really long time since i viewed those stanford machine learning class videos. continuing it now.
worked hard for more than an hour! long time since that happened!
just had an epiphany. what do i really want to do?
wow! where?
all i do is play games or try to write some code. hopefully everything will change in 2 weeks.
i need to learn to interact with people better. so many years of living through my comp has diminished my ppl skills.
i have become a zombie... &quot;BRAINS!! BRAINS!!&quot;
let me get back to work now.
worst part of waking up after a long sleep is feeling sleepy again.
Operation Die Barbosa successfully going on. #antipiracy
antipiracy
yes.
I know its going to be difficult w/o those free pirated songs. But I'll somehow manage.
That's it. I have decided. Not going to support piracy anymore. Going to delete all the songs that I have.
guys check out TouchPal. @kgdinesh
where r those sad songs when u want to listen to them?
the worst thing feeling is when ur life sucks n u get to know that its you, who is responsible for it.
hmmm. these school kids are from SBOA.
dear friends, first stop cheating in exams. u can then complain about corruption in the country. #dirtonyourback
dirtonyourback
nice. a lot of school children on a visit to the library. their teachers accompanying them. :-)
lol at kamal hassan's hypocrisy. :-D
wow! congrats to everyone at ur home! congrats, chithappa! :-)
TIL that AVL in AVL trees stand for Adelson-Velskii and Landis.
Yuvan Shankar Raja brays like a donkey. abaswaram max!
i am qualified to be a Radio Jockey. all i have to do is be my usual self n blabber continuously.
these lights in the library that switch on automatically when someone approaches them are #win.
win
at the same time, there are few ppl who can explain stuff superbly! and is one of them.
he wasnt even bothered to confirm whether I understood that concept or not.
just read up on a topic that one of my nerdy friends had tried explaining earlier. realized how bad he was at explaining.
Nice songs playing in the radio. :-)
awesome! at last, found some really awesome books on algos in this library! yay!
not able to view the comp properly. need to wear my glasses. finding it extremely difficult.
at Anna centenary library with parents, tweeting from my tab. :P
sigh. ended up watching dbz videos on youtube with bro.
will read that pdf on pattern matching using distributed systems. #readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
wth doesn't my twitter follower count ever reach 300? new ppl keep following me, but bots keep dropping out all the time. &amp;gt;290 for a month.
there. have planned whatever i want to do! NOW, HAVE TO EXECUTE MY PLANS!!! AAAAAAAA......... #panicmode
panicmode
got to plan! got to plan! GOT TO PLAN!!!
even during holidays, i panic!
i haven't still understood what to do for this webinar thingy.
spoj servers seem to be responding too slow today.
good morning folks. long time since i woke up this late.
this dungeon defenders second wave game on my android tab has been downloading stuff from the net for nearly a day! before it can start.
most probably going tomorrow with bro da.
never knew this! hover over the audio icon in the gnome taskbar and scroll using ur touchpad. the volume will change accordingly. naaice...
lol. #whattaman jagi.
whattaman
lol. no da. wondering how to solve a particular problem that i am facing. i solved it earlier. don't remember now.
done. http://t.co/bkNMFQJp
hmmm.
off to inox to watch tintin with bro.
rumors r tat they r selling it at a loss. they aim to make profit when ppl buy amazon stuff through it. u didn't knw that?
what no content? lol. what r u saying da?
not exactly. now ppl think amazon is the only contender to apple. samsung and asus beat the shit out of both.
lol. oh yeah. they NEED an iPad. alright.
please call!!
ppl buy an iPad bcoz they don't go to the market searching for a tablet. they want only an iPad n nothing else.
its just $199. why else do u think ppl were buying?
reviews say that there is no obvious difference in the speeds.
because its cheap da. u r talking as if other android tabs don't even have an android market.
dei, those amazon apps are android apps da! amazon didn't create those apps.
dei kindle fire runs on android da.
there is nothing professional about tabs. they are mainly for consuming multimedia. play games, watch movies.
that's exactly my point. u don't suggest ppl go buy something w/o giving an overall comparison. u r misleading them.
no. the reviewers don't give a damn about android tabs. ppl aren't aware of what's better. most sensible ppl go for android
kindle fire is no way a match for ipad2 da. and some android tabs are better than ipad2 too. i don't get u. wt u saying?
and u don't suggest someone to buy something w/o comparing to the rest of the available products.
not exactly. reviews were out long back. this is not the usual this-vs-that comparison. its buy this vs buy that.
irctc - &quot;Service Unavailable&quot;
as usual, irctc throwing up problems.
i think i'll root my phone before these hols end.
most of these blog articles about the ipad2 and kindle fire seem like paid articles to me. and they end up misleading everyone.
comparing the kindle fire with ipad 2 sounds ridiculous to me. maybe not to everyone though. there are better android tabs that beat both!!
good morning everyone! :)
lol. wait da worst fellows. i just love this waiting game! :) super build-up!
what should i do today?
its really dumb that ppl rate ipad 2 &amp;gt; kindle fire &amp;gt;&amp;gt; anything else. and that's what i call stupidity is.
never underestimate the stupidity of people.
Harvinder Singh is actually Ricky Ponting in disguise. push then, slap now.
seriously, ndtv. is a 30rd yr old guy referred to as a youth?
want to badly see a pic in which officer pike and sharad pawar are together. #macecop #pawarslap
macecop
pawarslap
chocobar! :D
time for a little codechef now.
done. replied to the 3rd person too. now to contact one important person.
second person contacted too. now for the third.
done. first person contacted. now for the second.
there. second done too. while i am doing the third, i have 3 ppl to reply to.
there. the first job is over. :) now for the second.
why twitter actually helps me: i imagine tweets to be slots and i manage my work in between them. how's that? #slottedaloha @unreachableHost
slottedaloha
hmmm. i am clocking my all time high in typeracer but the whole thing leaves me v unsatisfied. off to those 3 things now.
hmmm. 3 things to finish in the next half an hour. but before that, typeracer!
realized that twitter actually helps me manage things.
after so many days, nay, months, i have never felt so inspired to get back to coding!
for 7 days out of the past 9 days, I've been waking up at 4. tomo also same. #exhausted
exhausted
its really good da. the tablet experience. i wouldn't be able to compare tablets, but this is realy good!
wow! this tablet experience is outrageously good!!
got into bus at last!
wow! 21g! ...going in the other direction.
waiting for 21g now...
nasty auto driver. kalaaichutarama! po po.
I expected jayalalitha to have replaced these bed bugs in tnstc buses as they were present during the dmk regime too.
&quot;tambaram tambaram!&quot; ok ok mr.conductor, I am awake now. been awake almost the whole night.
I wonder why I should pay so much for a seat when they can't even keep it free of bed bugs.
why is my phone battery draining like crazy???
some things happen. some things don't. life is one strange game.
the bigger ur plans are, the harder they collapse.
those idiots at facebook seem to have deleted my account!
will be off twitter for the next one week. so then. ta ta. bye for now. #exams
exams
Good morning twitter! :)
haven't studied this sincerely in years! feels nostalgic.
will stop studying for the day, spend time on twitter for a while, and then go to sleep.
noooooooooooooooooo!!!
#machanIf there is 'parsi'ng, then why isn't there any hinduing, musliming or christianing? #runsaway
machanIf
runsaway
but with the state of my stomach in recovery mode, i dare not try anything ambitious!
hungry! right time to go munch on something perhaps?
there it is. one of the &quot;jayalalitha extra-special&quot; powercuts to her loyal citizens. :/
how will you verify that it is allowed in the court? don't want you to get into trouble.
love your tweets. please keep us updated.
oooh. its analysis and synthesis phase. and not synthesis and optimization phase as i thought earlier.
and there'll be a powercut in 10 min. darn.
operation: dist-comp. duration: next 2.5 days. resource: brain. target: these ebooks. will i succeed? let's go! BHARATH MATHA KI JAI!
thanks! :)
the best part is, i wouldn't have bought a tab if i knew earlier that i wud get selected. now i'm selected and i have bought the tab too! :D
my belief in God just shot up to a new maximum! :D
woohoo! selected for the next icpc round. :)
it is during powercuts like these that i wish that i had my galaxy tab 750 with me. can study from it anywhere.
cha. i have begun to complain a lot. who's to blame? not me. :P
anirudh24seven
first, flipkart sent me a faulty tab. then icpc amritapuri ppl haven't called r team. &amp; nw i realize that LFY hasn't shipped my t-shirt yet.
receiving poor service from different organizations for no particular reason. :(
three cheers for @flipkart! they delivered the replacement galaxy tab 750 today! but i'd have to wait for 2 weeks to use it though...
although the tab is in good condition, one of the samsung seals were broken again. but the other seal kept the casing closed.
i got news that the replacement Galaxy Tab 750 arrived today and its in good condition. thank you. :)
my tip was published in the Tips and Tricks section last month but I was never contacted for the T-shirt. Can u look into it?
as always, i would suggest vim. but u might have to install a few plugins too, to make it more convenient.
need a break!
wow! twitter introduces something new after a long time. Activity! :)
omg! big news! teams from r coll ranked behind us r getting calls from acm amritapuri ppl. y haven't we got any, yet? wil v even get a call?
there. cleaned my room. washed my face. prayed for a while. lit an agarbathi. gonna start studying now. :)
should stop trying to go to sleep and start studying
wth! i shouldn't feel sleepy now!! what's wrong with me??
twitter and reddit don't prevent me from studying. they prevent me from dozing off.
even though I didn't get my tab, had a jolly, happy weekend at home. :) was worth it.
are funny tweets on juniors allowed? :D :P ;)
how have u prepared for compiler lab exam da?
i faced the same problem too. but strangely, when u go to d market and lookup google+, it shows an update option. updating nw.
damn. everything going totally the wrong way.
which also means that i've nothing else to do but just shut up and study
so, although they were v nice and immediately ordered a replacement, it still means that my plan to get it by this weekend failed.
just went and saw in my flipkart account that they had placed an order for the replacement. dunno when i'll get it though. mostly tue/wed.
had a perfectly bad day.
1 of ur executives said tat a replacement would be shipped tonight &amp; i'll get a mail regarding it. haven't got it yet. status plz?
they understood that i had a genuine problem and agreed to ship it by tonight itself, even though it is a difficult procedure! wow!
omg! service is truly awesome! they have agreed to ship it by tonight itself! brilliant!!
i can take pics of the screen of the tab that i received and send it across if you want. if that will help in any way...
why? why does this happen to me???
next 2 days hols as well. so, i surely can't get my tab before leaving home. and i'll be back only on the 23rd. which is upsetting... :(
kinda heartening to realize that their customer service is good. but some mistake somewhere and i'm the one affected by it. :(
they were kinda surprised that the seal within the flipkart packaging was broken. i am surprised too! some1 has packaged a bad box.
got another call from flipkart. they have agreed to look into the issue. but not possible to get a replacement by today. :(
i dont wanna take this with me now da. its not a new order. its a replacement na. need to give this back to get a new one.
bad bad day...
that means that i wouldn't be able to use it until my sem exams get over and my hols begin! need not have come back home this weekend. :(
have contacted customer service who duly apologized and agreed to replace it. but wouldn't get a replacement until tuesday. :(
and the tablet's screen has a few marks on it too! never expected such a poor service from @flipkart!
ouch!! after hours of waiting, i get a galaxy tab 750 box with broken seals from @flipkart! shocked!!
not yet. the chennai flipkart facility has received mine a few minutes back, though. courtesy: track ur shipment feature.
32k in flipkart.
i think interviewstreet. @kgdinesh
galaxy tab 750 (10.1)
back home :)
signs of tiredness creeping in
meanwhile, iris is still up n running. :P #siridown
siridown
mokka pasanga. they complain abt the coll n claim that they want to leave it asap n now they talk abt senti feelings! #hypocrites
hypocrites
lol. hearing news that siri is down! :P
hope flipkart doesn't be over sincere n deliver my tab tomo itself. I don't want my bro to open it before I reach home.
ppl dont understand the meaning of a choice. u can choose to stay or leave. just dont stop others from leaving.
i don't understand when ppl complain to me when i criticize some1's views. they can have their views. so will i, about them.
soooo confused now! mind not working...
some indecent ppl opposing the new director's move citing pragyan, nittfest, symposium and senti feelings!!
new director therikka vidaraar! piri man! so many changes coming about in college!!
distributed computing, it is.
wow! a guy from just called me now to confirm my order. nice. :-)
guess, i'll go have my first proper meal of the day now.
ordered a galaxy tab 750 at last, now. :)
sigh...
hope I don't doze off now n miss my exam.
feeling feverish too. kinda scared. this shouldn't be happening.
argh! why doesnt everything happen the way it is supposed to?
didnt have breakfast or lunch today. why then is my stomach paining?
now for the 'creative' part. meh.
google doesn't seem to give a damn for users with slow internet connection.
ordering it on flipkart tomorrow. will most prolly get it by this weekend then.
got that creative writing assignment to complete now.
the first thing i'll do after getting my galaxy tab 750 would be to test the wordpress app n start working on it!
same here
i m writing an assignment with the help of the light from my lappy because of powercut. somebody give me a medal please.
woke up from an extremely long nap. which means that i've got to start on assignments now.
there. much better now after wearing my glasses.
having more problems with eyesight. guess i need to start wearing my specs more regularly now.
seri. washed those clothes now. what do i do next?
am so absent minded. forgot to dry those clothes that i had soaked yesterday morning! they stink now! :(
hope u know about the oil slick problem with so many galaxy tab 10.1 models globally. what abt the ones available at flipkart?
twitter on opera turbo mode keeps getting reloaded again and again, making it nearly unusable! i wonder why.
now that galaxy tab 10.1 is in line for ICS update, i'm surely gonna get one within a week!
hi. wouldn't it be a long time before Asus Transformer 2 (Prime) launches in india? what will the tentative pricing be?
what u doing da? i m v bored.
as rightly said, i feel a myriad of emotions every instant.
it is mildly surprising to note that we came extremely close to solving one more problem in both contests.
no no. just realized that i had stopped coding for myself &amp; was just trying to win contests. gonna change tat attitude. :)
dei dei. i am talking about coding/programming da!
?
lol. that's the source. but that isn't the reason. :)
ah. inner peace at last! :)
the next few hours will determine my actions for the next few months.
sigh...
my spider senior surath (ex-presi) got placed in google today! :)
i didn't miss anything important today, right?
Immortals of Meluha was a worthy read.
got a lot of work to finish by monday. i better start today.
the nitt gtug website is up! http://t.co/ZSHtIRKA
yes da. am coming only tomorrow.
argh! just found out the mistake made in problem E of amrita icpc online round! stupid mistake in logic! @ashwinjagadeesh
well said. #ubunturage http://t.co/gpEYRX1E
ubunturage
extremely irritated. but I'm not leaving home tonight. get lost college!
damn. my class rep tells me now that there is a submission tomorrow! I hate my college!
oh. that's the only reason is it? then I surely want to bunk tomorrow.
nope. I didn't. y u leaving today then? I was thinking of bunking tomo but haven't decided.
what about compilers program? submission tomo right?
vim golf! :) http://t.co/V67merA9
when u going to college?
is it my slow internet connection or are there any problems with the #NokiaWorld live streaming website?
NokiaWorld
wth! the #nokiaWorld live webcast page says that webcast limit has been reached! i cant view anything. this is stupid.
nokiaWorld
that was one extremely long nap that I had! slept for so many hours!
and of course, happy deepavali!! :)
so tired! wont be able to stay awake even for 1 more minute! good night everyone! #exhausted
exhausted
have requested for a better url for the nitt gtug website. meanwhile, the unofficial url is: http://t.co/UPWwDerO
photos on gtug website have been uploaded. :)
i shouldn't be tired now but i am. every1 at home already gone to sleep.
working on the gtug website now. uploading the gtug kickoff photos to the site as well.
i give up. i am not going to download ubuntu 11.10 now with this slow net connection at home.
this tiwary fellow has no control over his bowling. tossing up diwali sweets for the english batsmen.
personally, i don't like unity or gnome-shell but i heard that 11.10 provides a better experience on netbooks than 11.04.
downloading ubuntu 11.10 now. planning to put it on my pendrive and test it out on my mom's netbook and show her how awesome ubuntu is. ;)
india needs a wicket. quick.
exactly!
its been a really long time since i bought some book. especially a comp sci book.
got myself a jeans pant for tomo and a few books on comp sci as well. :)
back home after shopping. :)
did that loooong ago.
oops. spent all my time on google+ now. got to start.
going to attempt a few problems related to segment trees now.
woke up at last!
I prefer g+ over fb becoz I can hv healthy discussions on technology on g+ while friends n relatives on fb think tat i'm spammin their walls
what plans for the day? :)
back home :)
happy birthday da! :-)
was made to shift to the adjacent seat with problems in my sleepy state. woke up now n politely asked him for my original seat. he agreed.
checking twitter through sms.
machi, noone in our wing n ur clothes and umbrella seemed unsafe outside. have put them in my room.
who's going to watch the new srk movie? No.One. @Laugh_Riot
don't worry. ur team itself is a joke. :P #justkidding #runsaway
justkidding
runsaway
doesn't it even cost the usual rate?
been an extremely long time since i had a decent internet connection...
thanks. i think i'll wait.
i think i should go and sleep once again now. feel as if i bumped my head against a brick wall.
2 hours of powercut over. when will the next one be?
what a dumb government! we are having 3 times more power cuts than what we used to have!
when in india?
i have been eyeing the galaxy tab 750 (10.1&quot;) for a long time now. shall i go ahead and buy it?or should i wait for an ics tablet?
power cut?? now?? why???? :(
yay! power back!
damn!! powercut! won't come back surely for an hour now. :-(
dei, i meant study for tomo's exam da. mobile computing.
time to get up and study
power went at 6 am. :-/ hope it comes back at 8.
it says that my prev tweet was through ubuntu. oh well.
what is this twitter client? gwibber? just found it in my panel bar.
disable. u can hide them. that's just abt it.
both the have the same low baritone kind of a start. :) @techrsr
1440 twitter users make an eench. :P @kgdinesh
shhh apple fan boys. its our turn now. #android
android
Tango supports video chat in android phones with just a camera at the back!
congrats!! :D
iris is awesome! for those who haven't used it, it is the equivalent of siri on iphone, for android. and it was built in just 8 hours!!
love the tune. :) #kolaveri
kolaveri
I find so many ppl around me use :wq for save and exit, instead of :x. How do I effectively convince them to use :x?
does a concept of exploiting sms's to compromise mobile phones, exist? @_iakkom
kili-tas.
Hard earned parottas
when they ask me why I got low marks, I'll point a finger and say, &quot;these buhari fellows pa. go on. arrest them.&quot;
these buhari fellows are worst, I say.
is back to my usual abnormal self. :P
dunno what to feel. :|
i want to do something about it!
am so pissed off that we might not make it!
is selection for on-site going to be the 1st team from each college and then rank-wise allocation if slots are available?
sigh.
&quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot; is an anagram of &quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot;.
.skype, viber, fring, nimbuzz, tango and so many other options. what do we go with?
.i would at least need such an app to contact u ppl w/o knocking on your doors everytime.
we need not pay these carriers if we wanna call each other.
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
dear friends w/ android, y don't we all start usin some phone-call-thru-internet app like skype, viber, etc? wud be gr8 if all of us hv it.
Opera, both desktop and mobile is built for the masses.
that was one insanely long nap that i had.
love the vishnu sahasranamam recitation by T.S.Ranganathan. awesome voice. spiritual feeling.
?
wud like to knw wthr thr hav been incidents where &amp;gt;1million ppl using GSM roaming mobiles meetin up in a location hv crashed a VLR. @_iakkom
dear iPhone 4S user, if u bought it just to be in an 'elite' crowd, u sure are arrogant.
Damn these powercuts!
gave a 2 hour talk on android at nitt-gtug kickoff event now. abt 100 ppl turned up.
nitt gtug successfully started off today!
NITT GTUG Kickoff event today. gonna give a talk on Android.
someone will fork it da. if noone does, i will.
what???????? nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
no option for gnome 2 classic?
coughing like crazy!
awesome article!
#dell
dell
websites need to provide something between actual websites and a mobile site for users like me on a slow internet connection.
in fact, i/o operations aren't natively supported by c.
many updates to Ritchie's death with a printf statement. on a different note, printf isn't natively supported by c, right? we need stdio.h.
All I can think of now, is food. Off to grab something to eat.
using free wifi from clc now.
what a stupid boring class!
couldn't go less than 303 bytes. hmmm...
i give up! i can't write the soln in &amp;lt;256 bytes.
these problems are so hard that even the editorials for them make little sense!
thanksu pa!
My tip got published in this month's lfy magazine. I remember sending it in months ago!
ah. last bench after a long time.
no water anywhere? that's insane!
voted now. :)
not feeling productive? start studying for exams. your productivity in other activities would dramatically increase.
Dart! #google
google
woke up at last!
tried the android yoga app?
What everyone is too polite to say about steve jobs. http://t.co/FF3ljxGR
it used to be. long ago, march used to be the first month of the year. jan and feb were added later. sept=7 oct=8 nov=9 dec=10
oops. thursday perhaps?
will intro to android be enough? planning to make it short and simple as all of us have CT's next week.
they expect us to conduct a kickoff session before wednesday. i think we'd be able to do it.
will tuesday be fine? We need to get permission for venue n put up posters too tomo. suggestions?
suggestions for gtug kickoff event?
Thank you for the private beta invite! http://t.co/1GPO8eU9
.is brilliant!
Am watching that recording of Dalai Lama &amp; Desmond Tutu hangout now. http://t.co/kwPhdAP9
btw, i want to know which book to study compilers from.
this might be a bit long. u can just skim through though. http://t.co/x3MIHPfi
it IS tough. but spending time with it improves your style of coding in procedural based languages.
wow! the haskell session at today's ilugc meet was awesome!
at the ilugc meeting now. was discussing abt scalable systems earlier. discussing about RoR now.
Samsung and google postponing their conference due to jobs death. Apple themselves wouldn't do such a thing.
getjar \m/
http://t.co/woaM7zL4 makes typing easier and quicker!
i think i'll attend the ilugc meet today. its been a long time...
tried SwiftKey x?
SwiftKey x is super awesome! Free on getjar!
my brother is still active on orkut!
got my gsoc t-shirt and certi now! here's my certi. http://t.co/4qc3vWF4
nice. :)
never! i say, never!
omg! woke up to the bad news now. RIP Steve Jobs. :(
why do i prefer twitter and google+ over facebook? because most of the posts on fb are not even worth looking at.
some ppl will watch any form of cricket. even something as bad as a champions league match that doesn't involve any of the teams u support.
golden rule on the internet: never argue w/ morons and noobs. oh yeah, moronic noobs too.
Gaah! Exaggeration! Y.YOU.EXIST??
if this goes any further, i am gonna start a series of guest rage comics.
my mom interrupts my 4 hour sleep and asks me to get ready to meet navarathiri guests. one more reason for me to dislike guests.
Johny English Reborn is one awesome movie! Enjoyed it with friends. :-)
exactly!
and after so many months, apple comes out with a copy of samsung galaxy s2.
nice that express avenue provides free wifi for 2 hours.
does the movie at EA plan still exist? plz keep me updated.
good morning tweeps. :-)
a third yr just now came up to me and asked authoritatively whether i was a second yr. bulbed him with the truth.
gonna reach central bus stand, trichy.
just like every centOS fan would be happy with a redhat release, i am happy that iphone5 is coming. #android
android
&quot;a faceless enemy is the most dangerous.&quot; #apple
apple
&quot;there are so many awesome open source projects online that, to simply waste one's time is a sin. go contribute!&quot;
when will google come up with an equivalent of amazon silk?
its fun to travel as long as u dont have to drag a strolley along.
#f8fefc? (tumblr's) @ferozenaina
f8fefc
gotta go have lunch but this lathangi piece by U Srinivas is holding me back. #whattaman
whattaman
can't read the text clearly though. color of fonts can be lighter. @sathya3445
be at irc://freenode/nitt from now on. we'll chat.
twidge is written in haskell. must learn haskell then.
huge weekend coming up. from tomo till sunday. #dussehraholidays
dussehraholidays
good morning folks! :)
what a day! got flamed by almost everyone!! :-/
checking out twidge once again.
this month is gonna be big. last shot at ACM ICPC.
did you check ur room number on ur door? i changed it today morning. :P
where are you?
and of course, a good amount of sleep can lead to happiness too. :P
just re-learnt one important lesson today. happiness isn't always defined by happy incidents. sometimes, peace and calm lead to happiness.
thanks to for enabling access to ~145 GB of space in my system. :)
listening to Saraswatipriya alapana. never heard this before. always feels good to listen to a new raaga.
shankarabharanam alapana by L.Subramaniam is so comforting and heavenly! :)
Radiance theme in ubuntu is really good. :)
seriously, today has been one of the worst days ever. only good part is, i kinda felt yday, that today would be bad. don't ask me why.
of course, we lost too. but again, that is usual. don't feel that i am worthy of selection. let at least others get a chance.
went to play with a team full of bowlers, never got a chance to bowl, got bowled golden duck. worst of all, i snapped n fought wd d captain.
of course, that decision has got everything to do with me, rather than anything/anyone else. #disappointed
disappointed
worst day of cricket ever! i hereby quit playing cricket at NIT Trichy.
worst monday morning ever!!
clarification: &quot;msp program&quot; meant &quot;applying for msp program&quot; in my prev tweet.
2nd step of msp program hopefully over. can concentrate on icpc preparations properly now.
at code obfuscation finals now. #shaastra
shaastra
of course, it also means that there is a lot of opportunity for the rest of mankind.
have lost hope in mankind. almost everyone wants to #timepass all the time!
timepass
but why code heavily during powercut/travel. 1 Lappy + 1 netbook seems to be a good idea.
u guys can get a netbook...
got selected for code obfuscation finals. that means i have to go back to iit-m for #shaastra today...
shaastra
thanks to for submitting my mobile computing classwork today! :)
keywords of talks that crowds are always attracted to: 1. Hacking 2.Android #lessonslearned #shaastra
lessonslearned
shaastra
insane crowd for the android dev lecture by @lut4rp!! #shaastra
shaastra
will play maybe after icpc.
at an awesome talk by arvind gupta at #shaastra. this guy: http://t.co/CfbSc97Q
shaastra
ah. this guy is showing why one compromise can bring everything down.
so, he makes a guy click a shortened url which hides a js code that steals cookies. #ok
ok
lol. this guy is phishing some random guy in an ethical hacking lecture! #shaastra
shaastra
wait! this guy is supposed to talk abt ethical hacking. sigh. these things always suck.
why cant these #shaastra ppl provide internet connection for organizers from outside?
shaastra
dumb talk on ethical hacking going on at #shaastra.
shaastra
damn! these idiots cant stop misusing the term 'hack'! #disgusted
disgusted
at iitm now. #shaastra
shaastra
back home! :)
overslept, woke up at koyambedu, caught a bus to t nagar n waitin here now! what a start to the day!
not many ppl in the setc bus that i am travelling in. #thursday
thursday
Off to central bus stand, trichy.
mokkai class. no attendance too. :-(
omg! its gururaj!
decided not to go to shaastra but stay in coll today. few unfinished businesses.
happens to me almost all the time in this slow, dumb internet connection that i have.
they should declare 10 days holidays for colleges during dussehra and navarathri. can eat sundal at home, then.
insects all over the place! so switched to a dark twitter theme.
how many of you know that NIT Trichy has its own Google Technology User Group from today? join right away! groups.google.com/group/nitt-gtug
Zynga profits dive 95%, no new games to blame http://t.co/UvgWKNcv
damn! slept for &amp;gt;4 hours!!
of course the mobile desktop twitter widget is awesome too!
GO launcher is truly awesome! love the cartoon theme on my android!
pettai rap and urvasi urvasi! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;chikku bukku chikku bukku raile!!!&quot; #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;arabikkadalorum&quot; now! :-) #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
lol. they said they'll sing a hindi song, sang one line, went to english n then tamil now! no hindi! lol. bulb! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
wth!! what is he singing?? &quot;papa is happy when the food is on the table&quot; ??? #randomsong #festember
randomsong
festember
got into barn after 1.5 hours of waiting! disgusting! #festember
festember
when leaving for barn?
tried to reverse tether my android. #fail so far.
fail
dozed off for a while...
i dont wear glasses regularly. so changed my profile pic almost everywhere.
what?
not got anything to do with padippu machi.
changed my twitter dp to another old one.
had planned to go watch/attend a few events today morning. ended up in spider labs instead...
1.2 Mbps!!
power back. off to spider labs! :)
will put the source code online of course! :) will blog about in a few hours when I come back from festember...
of course, am a final year student. so noone would depend on me. :D
supposed to help others in arranging events. boring non-tech stuff...
gotta have lunch and leave for festember soon. yawn...
spent all morning w/o breakfast to write a python script to retrieve all 50 odd topcoder algorithm tutorial articles. will blog abt it soon.
at barn hall now with friends. #festember
festember
classes over for the day. yay!
can diaspora make an impact in this world of twitter-google+-facebook?
why no article on how fb copying most of google+? would love to see one.
never underestimate a product.
its so silent that i can hear laughing for jokes in the movie that he's watching...
started on 5 drawings for assignment. :-) would have continued if not for this unscheduled powercut...
time for an haircut? yeah!!
u can set passwords for ur androidAP connection da.
bunking all morning classes today. :P
updating my google+ android app now. :)
horrible timetable for tomorrow. planning to bunk a lot.
problems with setuptools while setting up trac on remote system without internet connection http://t.co/LrjjIu3T
today's div 2 srm was kinda tough. must practise more..
:-)
when nobody is nice to you, there is nothing you can do, but just move on. #thathuvam
thathuvam
what can be worse than bad teachers? bad classmates.
11 points increase. ok. i'll take it. at least it has increased...
hmmm. should have started the 900 point problem earlier. seemed easy. wasted too much time on the 600 point problem. its okay. #topcoder
topcoder
reserve your username at http://gkl.st/2 here is mine http://t.co/JrFB79xL
tc srm 519 in an hour...
hard work pays! yeah!!
they tell me that there is no curd rice after billing me for it! eating lemon rice now. sigh...
learnt something new now. hopefully the first good thing that has happened to me so far, today.
yes!! yes yes yes! understood at last!
ouch. my back aches now.
i wish something good would happen now...
just what i wanted. google search provides results from a few social networks. http://t.co/j4yxzE4D
a bright, wonderful monday morning! looking forward to an exciting week! :)
Damn. My gprs has begun to cost me now. Wth is  happening? Stupid airtel!
had weird dreams. strangely, i think i had similar dreams years ago. good morning tweeps.
opinions change with experience. #thathuvam
thathuvam
'Best apps' is one of the best apps out there on the android market. a must try for android users.
when will i ever learn to not talk to strangers?
facebook is for braggarts. twitter is for chatterboxes. but there is a bit of both inside every one of us.
windows. open?? oh. u dont mean the OS. let me go back to what i was doing...
cant sms. :-( at least can tweet...
rameshwaram exp
piri man da nee. :-)
and rameshwaram exp has started. got my ticket checked now, too.
and that leaves 4 rupees as balance. strangely costing me 1 rupee per sms, now. cant sms any1 too. cha.
oh. lol. thought u saw me.
yep. am wearing a grey t shirt.
wth! my current gprs plan is different from my original gprs plan. so 60 bucks detected from balance now. :-(
in one of those nice coaches with power sockets all over the place. :-)
windows 8?
uninstallation done.
i'm going to say goodbye to this macbuntu theme and return to good ol' ubuntu's 'Ambiance' theme.
y u so scared? @viveksundarm
YEAHHHH!!!!!! my ubuntu is back! triple booting ubuntu 11.04, windows 7 and windows 8 dev preview now. :)
off to the Startup Center for Mobile Monday on a Saturday. #MoMo
MoMo
damn! i cant even use a computer without my glasses! everything seems more blurred w/o them.
what is happening? seeing more icons on my start menu now. #w8dp
w8dp
good morning tweeps. back home safely. :)
lol.
lol. he started the conversation first!
lol. was talking abt android to some random stranger in the town bus to trichy. felt good.
good to see new, clean seat covers on this setc bus. :-)
i want my ubuntu back! missing it already :'( @_iakkom
nice. :-) how abt putting it on wikileaks?
nee verumna paathundu thaan iruppa. @_iakkom
wait. how is that apps are closing now in windows 8 dp, if i press alt+F4? this wasn't working yday.
feeling much better after that deep sleep... :)
one guy is calling wipro, infosys, cts and tcs as the &quot;venerable big four&quot;!!
haha. true. not comfortable on desktops/laptops. i was comparing its start menu with older versions of windows. :-)
must've listened to mankatha theme song &amp;gt;30 times since afternoon. too good. thanks to @_iakkom.
like my mob's new screen guard. :-)
haha! 2 of my batchmates professing their love to each other over facebook!
windows 8 might not be the most comfortable or customizable OS that i have ever seen, but it surely one of the best! damn intuitive!
loving windows 8 developer preview on a fast internet connection. :)
is on a photo walk around the campus with a 5mp camera. :-P
sure! :-)
first tweet from Tweet:)
after 2 hours of chaotic comedy with @viswanathgs, and finally @_iakkom, got windows 8 dev preview workin on my lappy. :-)
HURRAY!! downloaded windows 8 developer preview. was so tensed that the sha1 checksums might not match! they did! yay!!
its at 99% now!! :)
I hereby declare war!! on my laziness!!
been a long time since i felt this pathetic!! :|
if I buy the galaxy tab 750 from your website, how do I avail that vodafone plan?
i really must start solving these 1000 point problems!! not even attempting them... :(
i think i'll go to spider labs now n put windows 8 on download. will be having lunch at vasantham n will come to class from there.
ya. its huge! i dunno whether 3 hours would be sufficient to download it with the internet speed over there...
not yet. it just released a while ago. will do it today. lots of great feedback abt it. tempted to bunk web class today. :-P
lol. smell of books for e-books! :D http://t.co/mq7E7x2
ah. i think i'll replace that third partition in my system containing fedora 15 now, with windows 8 developer preview.
damn. just when i was abt to order an android tablet, they release windows 8. looks very promising, i must say! #build
build
i just love this metro UI!
i was beginnin to wonder why i wanted an android tab. jus remembered that it was because i wanted to optimize wordpress for android tablets!
good morning tweeps. feeling great in the morning after a long time. had a good night's sleep. :-)
for once i am glad that my room is warm..
shipped my gsoc code to google today. yay!
make way for minus! http://t.co/oHavlbe
OUCH! http://t.co/cFPC8eA
whew. just confirmed that today is the soft deadline.
Awesome news abt delicious  http://t.co/Qdr9nv8
i dont want to go to the only theory class of today. boo hoo. #boring
boring
no revolutionary news in tech for the past few days. #boring
boring
there is a huge difference between teasing among friends and slander on a public forum.
it need not even be written by the same person. multiple ppl using hashtags, maybe?
no. u didnt get me. a series of tweets that make up a short story.
readin abt data mining. i dont want all info. just want necessary info tht i need frm this book. i.e.data mine this book on data mining.
how about using twitter as a medium to write/narrate short stories? there would be live feedback as well. @kgdinesh
every raagam/song sounds good if the singer sings it that way.
bouli is awesome. kalpana swarams in it are even more awewome.
me thinks tht me will take a break from swype and use the samsung soft-keyboard in landscape mode instead...
This book on How Children Learn Language by William O'Grady is just awesome!
and advised me not to have too much of this kesari. I should've listened.
ah. I think I would have to use my laptop today.
Ah. I always thought that no1 looked at this perspective for nlp. But found a book. &quot;How children learn language&quot; by william o grady. Nice.
mobile twitter is faster than twitter apps mainly because u don't see profile pics in it.
ah. almost. but not for programming purposes...
topcoder da. was talking about yday's srm.
played games on mobile, listened to the radio. came to library about an hour back. reading a few interesting stuff.
I have challenged myself not to open my laptop today. going good so far.
oh yes. I think I will learn hindi.
ah. ok.
oh. I thought the aim was to spread knowledge. cha.
I don't understand. Why aren't all academic research papers available online for free?
why is it that I wake up so late on Sundays? anyway, good morning tweeps.
i am not even attempting this 1000 point problem.
1000pt problems. Y.YOU.SO.HARD??
3 more hits and my blog will reach 6k hits. :P http://t.co/j2gXjeo
ivar apudiye police u. naanga thirudanaama. i need to 'accept' facts aam. ensuring that justice is served via facebook.
lol at he doubts my credibility.
Onaan inside spider labs. Lol.
where did you buy? how much?
The quickest and most reliable way of accessing twitter on my android is the mobile website.
The English cricket team would love the name of the next version of Android. #jellybean
jellybean
time to begin. #coding
coding
lol. thu.
do indians still watch cricket??
been receiving a lotta visits on my blog for the past few days. naice...
u disgusting ppl. one placed in an electrical company and another a EEE student...
i increase the entropy of the universe by adding unknown but interesting ppl into my &quot;Random&quot; circle on google+.
wait. i've been spending so much time on google+ that i haven't even noticed twitter for a while now...
summa verupethifying. :P
yay!
awesome da!
I can either continue to laze around in my room like this or go to Spider labs and work properly. I choose the latter.
70467 in racing moto! muhahaha! beat that, @_iakkom!
&quot;yethi yethi&quot; on radio now. brings back first year memories...
Heading to trichy with comp sci classmates for treat.
Yay! Installed Paper Camera for free from getjar! It IS as awesome as everyone claim it to be!
i think my twitter page looks better now :) #allwhite
allwhite
listening and singing along to &quot;mazhai varudhu mazhai varudhu&quot; on infinite loop. wingmates feeling...
I better stop snoozing and start rising... Good morning tweeps.
First we called him Jagadeesh. Then Jagi. And then Jag. Now, we don't call him anymore. :P  @Satish_NR
@_iakkom: when u guys leaving?
I love distributed computing but this class is boring...
I wonder how patents are granted to apple for some really silly stuff. Something v fishy...
Restore and Preserve Page State for Windows Phone 7.5 or Mango Phone http://t.co/FRJjEed /via @wordpressdotcom
is at a new low. fresh beginnings ahead... #hope
hope
either i am missing out on something or people are not listening to me...
i am still out here!
i want those qsn papers!
btw, change your username to something else da. please.
have a look. http://t.co/cUq0ksk
have u seen videos of windows phone 7 mango? it seems twitter and facebook have been integrated into it! looks good. :)
how abt creating a distro just for social purposes?
ah. doesn't seem to be tweeting. and that can mean only one thing. HE'S STUDYING!!!
specific cd or all cds? which version of ubuntu?
i got a good internet connection now. yeah!
3g connection! Y.YOU.FAIL.ME?
i think u have given me only one koshtin paper containing 40 koshtins...
hey. yeah, it was. :)
Off to creative writing 'exam' now...
I don't like these horrible tamil film songs that they play in these buses. That too this early in the morning!
some of my friends are scared/irritated that unknown people add them on google+. and they do have twitter acccounts! #hypocrites #fb
hypocrites
fb
mobile computing is pretty interesting...
i asked how ur preparation is, da.
Am at chennai occ now. Looking at some very interesting startup products...
boarded train? How is ur preparation da?
ok.
just realized that vasanth's link was the ebook that u had already given to me. ma'am mentioned some other book right? wt abt that?
12 crore zeros perhaps?
.seems to be studying a lot. no tweets for quite some time now... dei, anyway u r S grade in mobile da.
lol.
Awesome experience at nerd dinner chennai today!
yep. he never attended any class though. placements...
And the second event for the day is nerd dinner chennai. am already here. might start in a short while.
I am NOT going to watch another tamil movie for a looooong time!!
i should start studying for monday's &quot;Mobile Computing&quot; exam, now. but i think i'll try to come up with a windows phone 7 app now...
and the first event for the day is mankaatha! booked tickets yday night...
good morning tweeps. :) have 2 events planned for the day...
http://t.co/eEFDD3X
good night folks. not sleepy but i think i'll play around with my mobile before going to sleep. c ya.
dear apple, go die! http://t.co/ZeN9AnS
lol! bing and google plus. http://t.co/Cbs78Qj
and oh, yeah. epic fail today. thought that 1530 UTC meant 11pm Indian time!
back home... :)
samsung launched some new products today. maybe, postponing my decision to buy the galaxy tab was an awesome decision after all...
refer my prev tweet.
Galaxy Ace - Gingerbread update http://t.co/ZCevKQj
there seems to be only post/site online that has taken notice of the galaxy ace gingerbread update in india! sad...
the world looks much better when u upgrade your android device... have a great morning everyone!
dunno what feels better. gingerbread or triple sixes by dravid...
Yes. :-)
am now running gingerbread on my ace. :)
yay! heard that gingerbread official update is available for galaxy ace in india now!! woot! @_iakkom
with toshiba, amazon and sony entering the market, the consumers stand to gain...
reason being, there aren't too many android tabs out in the market yet. more competition means better products and cheaper price.
argh! dilemma max! i think i will wait for a few months before buying the galaxy tab...
offline gmail is awesome! http://t.co/ROVS4jn
Only few hours remaining to convince me to not buy a galaxy tab 750. flipkart's offer gets over then.
Badminton, table tennis, pool and swimming with bro! Awesome experience!
google+ also supports j,k.
why isn't mangatha trending on twitter?
can never understand why some people do not allow others to dream big. #bro
bro
if i pre-order the Samsung Galaxy Tab 750 now, when will i get it?
not exactly. we've just found inner peace...
ah. that's ok. we know which coll is better... :)
the question is not &quot;will i&quot;, but &quot;when will i&quot;...
romba over! http://t.co/zG4pqSW
must start tracking time.
another reason why working on open source projects are awesome. u get to make good friends like :)
can someone invite me to quora? #quora
quora
tired. even twitter seems boring now...
Got to start studying now...
Anna becomes an icon, Irom Sharmila forgotten - India News - IBNLive http://t.co/UGKvaVD
for sms spam, smsBlocker is pretty good.
thanks! just now saw this tweet. got placed in microsoft about a month back...
apparently there's some random football match going on...
yay! can go study now!
lol. not yet. ;) :P
in fact, i was asked to upload it onto youtube.
and what's wrong with that?
my video for the microsoft student partner program: http://t.co/0FDLoQF :P
sadly, no irc client seems to be as awesome as chatzilla. makes me depend on firefox.
MUST.STOP.SINGING.ALONG! #canthelpit
canthelpit
in love with automata once again! :)
:D :P
dai! anyway, gnome2 still rocks! and echofon sucks because i'd have to use firefox.
and i just reached 2000 tweets with my prev tweet! :P
i salute medical students like who devote their time and lives to the welfare of other people! you rock!!
those students are of course, medical students!!
in midst of all this complaining, i can't help but feel amazed about a group of students. they study and they serve.
i bet some of my classmates are going through prev years kosthin papers now...
nee vera. i'd be studying for placements now, if so!
t2k is nearing... (tweet two thousand)
i wish companies that we got placed in, could just whisk us away from college right now and take us to their offices...
random songs on infinite loop...
i guess i must stop complaining and resume studying...
most of them might be studying even now. :(
it is ok with me to study, after getting placed. but i'd want to study something new. not old stuff!!
why isn't 'cycle test' trending on twitter? :|
have felt the same, over all these years... :|
can't believe that i have to study stuff that were taught 1.5 years ago! unfair! #automata
automata
of course, if i am really purchasing, it'd be only around december or later...
galaxy tabs 730 and 750, motorola xoom come with honeycomb. rumors abt toshiba coming up with a tab as well.
i did. confused over what to buy next. will give this ace to my dad if i go for nexus prime.
in fact, getting my first android, is indirectly the reason why i'm going for something next. #gsoc
gsoc
i might not buy at all too. kinda confused. might be receiving a windows phone 7 next year, to add to the confusion.
:P would be my response. #nocomments
nocomments
galaxy tab or nexus prime?? #confused
confused
huh?
RT twitter needs to make tagging not eat up the word count.
wow! the windows phone 7 emulator looks stunning. much better than the android one...
not if we dunno the answers while giving the exam...
Companies are like political parties. They can become a liability any time. Better not to talk about them at all.
on twitter? there's an @ Mentions tab below the &quot;What's happening?&quot; textbox. you can view tweets mentioning you, over there.
#ThankYouSteveJobsFor making everyone realize that every little detail on a product deserved the attention of a CEO. http://t.co/RJ7NlMb
ThankYouSteveJobsFor
realized that i've all along seen only from google's perspective. nice one. http://t.co/LL1rOSu #applevsgoogle
applevsgoogle
is now a gsocer... :)
just saw the news. awesome da! congrats! :)
awesome!!
fb - acquaintances
deadlock
today is friday. which means unlimited payasam in mess. Slurrppp!
awesome weather here at trichy!
good morning tweeps! :)
that worked! forgot to inform earlier...
that feeling u get when u realize u might have been wrong all along...
NVIDIA and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet + Tegra Zone power pack http://t.co/NY3qAtt Begin living life!
cycle tests coming up. will lower my twitter usage for the next few weeks.
check this. http://t.co/h9jXvD3
when I +1 something, do I say plus oned or plussed one?
am not gonna retweet funny/interesting tweets that might make me lose credibility. gonna +1 them instead.
&quot;Students, take your mobile out n check your IMEI number. Go on, do it.&quot; - prof in mobile computing class
just what i wanted! http://t.co/i8RmWRL @_iakkom
big news that was made while I was sleeping: Steve Jobs Resigns. hmmm... dunno how to react.
good morning tweeps! classes from 8.30 to 4 today...
didn't u just have dinner?
prof who teaches compilers keeps referring to automata all the time. and i don't remember most of it.
is planning to read automata all over again...
where art thou?
ah. yes. point taken.
i meant that this is comfortable too. so, no reason to not expect people to use it.
viewing conversations, images and videos are v comfy in the web...
got to add new photos to twitter asap!
just saw the time! gotta rush to class. dear followers, u have been saved, if u have not been bored to death already!
Who is suing who? http://t.co/RAZmfJu
Gold: Did You Know You Could Rip Apart Your Computer and Melt the Circuit Boards for Gold? - http://t.co/b9MqRZK
TIL that djvu is supposed to be pronounced as dejavu. makes more sense now...
ppl ought to realize that the 'good' guys are the bad guys and the 'bad' guys are the good guys. #random
random
if apple acquires twitter, i think i'll stop using it, as a sign of protest.
it seems i have tweeted &amp;gt;1000 tweets through the web interface. atleast one milestone reached before class, today...
ah. according to tweetstats, i tweeted more this month, than last month. and there's still a week left...
i admit defeat. i can't type too many tweets in a short span of time. i'd end up spamming people too.
and more importantly, most open source organizations have really nice ppl with whom you can interact with. #opensource
opensource
just realized that which organization you work for, doesn't matter much. whom you work with, does.
thanks! :)
i would really like if more of my friends use google+ regularly.
Hamirkalyani is an awesome raaga. #carnatic #music
carnatic
music
Android (Finally) Taking Steps Towards WebKit And&#160;Chromium via http://t.co/O7Ajxb5
and yeah. must begin studying for my cycle tests too. they start next week. secretly hope that they get postponed...
hmmm. i might have to do a video or a screencast of my gsoc project sometime soon. sounds good. will do it.
just noticed that my klout score seems to be rising quite steeply, of late...
84 tweets in 42 min?? that's 2 tweets per min. don't think i'd be able to reach 2000 tweets before morning class today...
thought that there will be a powercut at 8. nope. there isn't. yay!
Dhoni's preference: &quot;Veil, of course.&quot;
that completes one hour of trying to stay awake but dozing off. MUST.WAKE.UP!
i'd rather watch india's batting collapse, rather than see sachin score his 100th hundred in a losing cause in this shameful series.
open the innings. hit about half of the team's total. watch your mates get out. carry the bat. follow-on enforced. open the next innings.
can we see a 300+ score on the board now? plz plz.
dravid on 99...
&quot;Dravid might stay unbeaten this innings and have to come out again as an opener when India follow-on. That will require some real effort!&quot;
and gokulashtami poojai is on...
back to the old market.
microsoft does. :P
there's an app called smsBlocker on the android market that does that.
lol. hitler and hp. http://t.co/ivRSEY2
wow! just what I wanted! http://t.co/2QL7pZ4
what is that code in the background?
and why exactly am I not able to follow new people now?
and yeah, good morning folks. awesome weather at chennai...
twitter DOES need to roll out new features. improve lists, give some new designs, improve your people search, DO SOMETHING!!
Dash dot and more - Saar! Auto?: http://t.co/BRS5x9h
should write a twitter bot to find out which accounts are twitter bots.
lol. where do u search? twitter?
don't think so. they r emotionally drained after the world cup, kirsten's departure &amp; ipl. he would have taken care of tat.
really awesome! Clicking on hashtags seems to crash the app, though.
feels good to see some tweets abt myself. :P will retweet them now.
felt good to give a lightning talk at the #GTUGChn kickoff event today. :) #fb
GTUGChn
fb
that was an interesting video session with Shashank from Google. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
intro time. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
that is exactly what a service is!
and #GTUGChn kickoff has started. is delivering the keynote.
GTUGChn
why isn't any1 else tweeting about the gtug chennai kickoff event? #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
its actually &amp;gt; 150 million android activations now. :) #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
they're now playing that &quot;100 million Android activations&quot; video at #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
lol.
announcement by @ImKarthikK: #GTUGChn kickoff will start in 10 min. waiting for other enthusiasts.
GTUGChn
the first gtug chennai event is gonna start now... #GTUGChn #kickoff #fb
GTUGChn
kickoff
fb
New version of tweetdark free is much more awesome now!
Am at #GTUGChn now. With my parents. :P
GTUGChn
is it possible to get tickets for 2 people at the event? I have one and I'd be accompanying them.
any windows mobile/phone developers in India? whom can I connect with?
fake news: facebook buys palm. all social networks abuzz with 'facepalm' moments. @fakingnews
google+ completes me.
just woke up now n got to know about HP's future plans. BIG news.
good morning tweeps! have a wonderful day! :)
Conversation with Torvalds. http://t.co/GRySuUY
yikes! already 7 am! i can't stop reading these tech blogs.
not in the mood to go running now. will rather sit in room and code...
let us wait for it to dawn. we can at least see how wet the grounds are, behind our hostel. that'll give us some idea.
dunno. the ground might be wet. what shall we do?
good morning tweeps. :)
Long day...
Science: Five Little-Known Inventions From Deceased Robot Maker George C. Devol - http://t.co/4FPoXTj
haha http://t.co/uw3MDN8
even startup founders give lectures at UC Berkeley. so, my point is, becoming a prof is over-rated. i feel its not worth it.
twitter could do with a +1 button. i wouldn't want to favorite or retweet all interesting tweets.
and is awake now. can go jogging... :)
Kernel modules must have at least two functions: a &quot;start&quot; function called init_module() and an &quot;end&quot; function called cleanup_module()
ping me when u wake up. we'll go jogging.
oh, yeah. good morning tweeps. :)
Simply awesome - and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet http://t.co/Spdr4lQ. I hope I get one.
Will Google Lure Microsoft Into The Cellphone Briar&#160;Patch? via http://t.co/Qsm4feu
&#8220;Defending&#160;Android&#8221; via http://t.co/sqemUm1
something great is gonna happen today. i can sense it.
Apple&#8217;s Evidence In European Galaxy Tab Injunction Was Seriously Misleading&#8230; As In&#160;False via http://t.co/ebuFmyP
which one?
he got placed there? or is he our campus representative? @_iakkom
what is this about u and directi that i hear? @_iakkom
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE GOOGLE-MOTOROLA DEAL: Google Had To Do It--And It Could End Up Being A Disaster http://t.co/2UP6cXV
today's google doodle suddenly seems to look more like the motorola logo now...
maybe microsoft will acquire nokia now.
awesome news for google and android fans: google acquires motorola!
gonna make dosas of all varieties now... :)
eight tweets make a twyte.
what u upto, today?
good morning tweeps! :)
dad sure needs some rest now after driving for so long. as usual, i slept off during the boring parts of the journey. so, feeling fresh! :P
gosh! that trip to surutupalli was long, hot and tiring but it was fun and exciting at the same time too!
back home at last!
Off to surutapalli now.
finished gayatri japam now. :)
its my dad's bday today! happy birthday @simulation!
lol. what happened to gayatri japam? when u doing it?
its ok da. good morning! :)
i am NOT supposed to feel sleepy now after sleeping for such a long time today afternoon!! but i AM feeling sleepy...
u awake?
its goosebumps da
games on google+ are awesome!
time to rebel.
dang! slept for 4 hours again, in the morning!
happy aavani aavittam folks! just got back home after poonal changing ceremony... :)
why do i feel tired already? i must have slept for at least 3-4 hours today morning...
lol. even has a klout score of only 84.
disgusting sehwag.
u sure? i doubt it.
i just love typing nonsense on twitter!
klout is not a game, my friend.
hope to work on something related to twitter sometime soon...
dei dei. too much da! :P no football too, plz. :D
can everyone stop talking about cricket for a while? it hurts.
is any1 else having problems on facebook?
&quot;Your account is currently unavailable due to a site issue. We expect this to be resolved shortly. Please try again in a few minutes.&quot; - fb
is on a retweeting spree. if someone is following me on mobile, i'd suggest them to stop it for the next few days... :P #twitter #athome
twitter
athome
when will samsung galaxy tab 750 (10.1) be available on flipkart?
finally! the group has been created. welcome, fellow admin.
good morning tweeps! :)
got 20 min left to pack my stuff and here I am, before my comp, tweeting...
going to dosa mela at sangeetha's for dinner tonight. and then leaving for chennai. dear home, here I come!
whew! that was one hectic week at coll! glad that it has finally come to an end... almost.
windows mobile is over. i think u might be referring to windows phone...
good morning tweeps. another day nearly full of classes, coming up...
Evicted from my room by insects!! Gaah!
classes seem to be going fast. wouldn't say that about evening life...
fingers and arms screaming in pain! played mirudangam after months! feeling good. :)
The Hindu : Columns / Nirmal Shekar : Dravid deserves greater respect: http://t.co/akWrDII via @AddThis
Its important to keep ur ideas under wraps until u implement them.
this is the third continuous day that I am having a nearly-full day at college!! #eksi
eksi
planning to listen to classes from today... :)
oh. cool. asked because I got placed at Microsoft. was v curious n didn't know whom to ask. thanks anyway! :)
just wanted to clarify. Microsoft employees have the freedom to use non-Microsoft products like GNU/Linux as their OS, right?
already 11 am! gotta wash clothes b4 continuing work on #gsoc project... :(
gsoc
good morning tweeps! gotta get working. #gsoc
gsoc
wait. was the accident at sometime around 5pm in ecr road?
shit!! one of my closest childhood friends passed away today evening in a car accident!! shocked to get the news!!! :( :'(
Tired...
hi. i got to knw abt u in that html5.in conf last year at chennai where u talked abt css3. a doubt. do u work at microsoft hyd?
enjaai!
i hope that they don't chuck me out because i refuse to use the OS that they make... what am i supposed to do?
nope. forever GNU/Linux. more of an ubuntu fan actually...
damn! i never thought my twitter handle that way. i don't use windows... :P
what is windows xp?? (looks around to see if any1 else knows...)
Yawn! Good morning tweeps!
jus realized now. even the matrix had agent smith. #justsaying
justsaying
feeling depressed/angry/irritated/tired/sad?? listen to some music!
Awake at last... #goodmorning
goodmorning
feel sorry for mozilla! :( http://t.co/iOGbS46
bot from ur id to tweet greetings at regular intervals to specific people so that they don't feel that u r ignoring them. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
different forms of tweets that appear personalized to specific users. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
i believe and will have more #ideasfortwitter too.
ideasfortwitter
an AI program that tries to determine what ur mood is, from ur latest few tweets. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
a programming contest site that takes tweets as input programs for judging. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
let me a create a new hashtag on twitter and see how far it goes. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
my reaction wasn't for ur mokka. it was for getting placed in THAT company!
paappom paappom. either i won't be in THAT company or THAT company would have become the biggest champion of open source cos of me
angry that i'm being associated with something dumb. :P THEY WILL NEVER BUY MY VIEWS!! NEVER EVER!! NOOO....
my dad is live on radio at http://t.co/TNHUQix on aboorva raagangal part 2. 90.1 FM.
Fedora 7?? U must be kidding me!
congrats @_iakkom!! awesome job!
life's good when u have download speeds greater than 1.2Mbps.
wow! congrats guys! all the best for ur next round! u guys will surely get it!
ok. cool. i'll be going at 10.30. will come to room before that anyway. let me know if u change ur mind.
thanks da. my phone ran out of charge. i called her a few min back after putting it on charge. thanks anyway. :)
oh. cool. good luck with second round. :) btw, sp2hari is in garnet tonight and is leaving only tomo. coming at 10.30 to meet him?
back in room? what's ur interview status?
that's strange. i remember not being able to do an svn checkout from college...
interviews going on? good luck buddy. :) can u msg me when u r free? want to ask u something.
and the best gift on my star bday so far! commit access to the official wordpress android app! yay!! sign that i have finally grown up!
had an awesome dinner with the legendary @sp2hari!! planning to meet him again in a few hours. he is simply superb! learnt a lot from him.
Awesome star bday so far!!
Going to be the toughest exam of my life...
its disappointing days like these when I feel that I should stop watching/following cricket...
I believe that they came out with such an algo just for fun...
yep. :)
searching on google news for &quot;govind tiwari&quot; will give u a better picture...
he's a random guy who's infamous for creating the worst-looking blog one could ever create...
feels good to view a bit of nature whenever I look up away from my laptop. http://yfrog.com/h0tu9wgj
RT now just gonna wait for #basha to trend on twitter :)
basha
thanks to for gifting me these awesome headphones...
feels that headphones around one's neck look cooler than over one's head...
no. observed that i'm putting on weight. would love to start running long distances...
Integrating is tougher than developing stand alone parts of a program.
Must start running.
According to tweetstats, is the second highest person whom I have replied to, via twitter. The first is his old twitter handle...
Creativity is the father of Invention.
my situation is worse... :( couldn't go even though I had a ticket...
&quot;Lie! Run! Hide!&quot; Ya. Ok, right.
exactly.
There'll be a day when companies expect candidates to write program solutions in less than 140 characters...
lol. I wanted to say that first. But changed my mind later. :P Btw, did u just say 'apt'? I expected 'yum' from u...
someone with a rhyming nickname. where the nickname's first 3 letters are &quot;kay&quot;... ;) :P
I hereby christen my room as &quot;Anirudh's Laboratory&quot;.
did they just buy me and my views? no. they didn't. i still stand by what I've said...
Ayo kadavule! Some student next to me putting scene after first round. Irritating!!
vaazhkaikke machan...
Moral of the story: being good feels good.
When will I ever see a linux system being projected on the screen for these kind of presentations?
The organizing fellows from my coll r here. They're checking d sound system with some random music that sounds like a harmonica...
When was the last time that I arrived first at some place? This feels good...
No. I am not taking part in non-technical activities anymore...
what a lousy performance! :( #tc #srm
tc
srm
at ilab with @gklsndr...
awake at last...
That was another boring class. Relieved that I need not attend anymore for the day...
Sadly, I am so pazham that i'm scared to bunk classes...
WHAT.A.BORING.CLASS!!
TIL that Eric Schmidt was the co-author of LEX!
wow! awesome article da! thanks for sharing.
thank u! :)
thanks da. :)
didn't like it. expected more...
Disappointed with deivathirumagal...
Deivathirumagal with family now.
i think its karaharapriya da...
awesome bday gift! thanks!! :)
Had an awesome evening at bessie with parents!
ipl DOES improve cricket relations b/w countries. couldn't have expected pk n kp congratulate each other at the end of yday, if not for ipl.
now listening to Neevanti Daivamu Shadanana - Bhairavi raagam by Malladi Bros...
just realized that my typing speed has improved considerably over the past few weeks. touch typing finally seems to have paid off.
want inspiration? here it is... (in case u already haven't read it) :P http://t.co/kRKrCo1
oh. just realized that i have classes from 10.30 today. read it as 1.30 yday...
good morning tweeps. hope to have a better day today.
Shocked to know that google labs will be shut down!
That completes 2 boring classes for the day. Hope the next one is better...
Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me. #launch http://t.co/NlcH2PR via @vizualizeme
launch
only google can have white backgrounds, is it? i'll have a white background for my twitter profile too! (...pukes in the background later)
gnome3 is the worst thing that ever happened to fedora...
hmmm... how is twitter working properly on chromium - fedora 15 now?
i knew what today's google doodle was about, before clicking on it! that's because i was a bio student in 11th and 12th... :)
lol... http://t.co/lw3qzWg
@ home away from home... #spiderlab
spiderlab
Dear professor, if u r gonna teach us how to use the web, y dont u teach us how to brush our teeth, how to eat, etc as well?
I keep half-expecting the sites I write on my notebook, to automatically get converted into hyperlinks. @kgdinesh
yeah. official gingerbread update has been released! is it available in india? will have to check now...
so, now i am supposed to update my video card drivers and reinstall the adt plugin?? surely, this is a joke, right?
damn! i shouldn't have update my adt plugin...
enough of studying for the day...
where art thou?
back in college machis!
Nice. This compartment actually has got 2 plug sockets for every 8 seats, for charging laptops and mobile phones. and they actually work!
back home after shopping for clothes for bday. :)
god! still so sleepy...
lazy sunday afternoon...
:D just kidding
wait. I am an executive member of Amruthavarshini right? does it mean this? http://t.co/fX5PIoL
u should maybe try the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Load from snapshot&quot; options...
yay! android app is free from ads from the latest version! way to go!
last day of summer hols 2011. what do i do today? hmmm...
Tendulkar seems to have a long list of people who have got him out as their first wicket.
wow! thanks!
2 out of 3 electives? i think i'll drop kunwar....
hai! jolly! can timepass in daaktar's class...
hotot new UI doesn't appeal to me
experiencing awesome download speeds today!
is awake once again...
why am i suddenly having a download speed &amp;gt; 2Mbps ?? how come?
or break jagi's phone. u'll feel better. @ashwinjagadeesh
time to step on the gas pedal!
just realized that my phone's earphones are more comfy and provide a better effect than the normal earphones i lost a few days back...
am all the more motivated to work now! keep the cash flowing, guys... :P
passed midterms. :) congratulations to all other gsoc students who passed!
got a congratulatory mail now! thanks. :)
hey. sorry to bother you. just want to confirm. all procedures for midterm phase have been done from both our sides, right?
almost there...
font size? :P
at least commentary on cricinfo?
needs a chrome addon to convert all those hindi statements typed in english on facebook, to actual english statements. #cantunderstandathing
cantunderstandathing
i see many ppl use that da. was reminded by @ashwinjagadeesh's statement...
y do some ppl type &quot;come on&quot; as &quot;common&quot; ?? doesn't it mean something else?
gnome3 is worse than unity. u dont make me happy when i'm not able to customize u... :(
Nice post about Sammy. http://t.co/DBDI10B
thank u! thank u!
Iphone? Nope. My android. #customizability http://yfrog.com/klkitp
customizability
past 14 hours = 3 hours of sleep + 11 hours of coding!! whew!!
machi...  nee gethu da!
can't restrain myself from saying &quot;MUHAHAHA&quot; after writing some really nice code...
If I had been a twitter addict, I would've tweeted abt the minor road accident I witnessed outside my window jus now. But I'm not, u see...
first, i made my ubuntu look like a mac. now, my android looks like an iphone! :D #customizability
customizability
not yet. will try soon.
Reached home. Yay!
ya. Realized that. Wish the bar was thinner. The whole thing looks awesome anyway!
good luck! :D
Hope someone comes out with a lighter theme too, of tweetdeck...
Could do without that white bar between tweets though. #tweetdark
tweetdark
Wow! Tweetdark is awesome! Exactly what I wanted.
nice dp :-)
yep :-)
thanks. :)
Strange. Not getting sms for twitter replies...
we're on our way...
reached home?
market link for the app? Can't find it through mobile.
wru guys?
I think i'll have brunch today.
wru guys now?
Chanderpaul century! #whattaman
whattaman
who holds what positions in amruthavarshini for this year?
so what's the news from coll? what do we take with us?
do i integrate twitter with google+? nah, i don't think so. at least not yet.
working during weekends gives a nice feeling... :)
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! &amp;lt;pause&amp;gt; noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!
:D :P
oops! meant &quot;3rd year hols&quot; in my prev tweet...
wait. even if i return home in a few days, is today the last day of my 3rd sem hols?
thanks to my mentor's dvorak keyboard, i had an awesome voice chat with him today! :P
night out dhaan today! never have been so excited about my project, now that i've completely understood everything that is reqd!
just realized the power of discussing things thru skype over discussing the same thing thru irc channels!
don't think so...
i forgot. i got some amruthavarshini post right? :P what was it?
for those who use w3schools: http://t.co/WnerSoI
as usual. cheapness. http://t.co/KVcHEmW
in fact, its my backup mentor whom i'm interacting with, for the past few days. he has lived a few months in india! :D he knows. :)
both my mentors r v cool. they don't mind all this. but i feel ashamed to tell them how pathetic our country is....
lol. not him da...
ashamed to tell my mentor that i couldn't come online because of the power cut here in TN! WHERE IS MY CONTINUOUS POWER SUPPLY, CM??
yay! power back at last.... can now get back to work!
Worst day of hols ever! Think its a 9-5 power cut! all work stalled...
bleddy mosquitoes, y u stab me?
Androinica &#187; Android Market website ratings: a week of rants, reviews, and reality checks: http://t.co/Oq6aXK6 via @AddThis
elders say that only studies soru podum. i am hungry right now. what am i supposed to study?
omg! is truly awesome!! u might love it too!
3 maidens in a row! http://t.co/HsgpERL
u don't need to have a comp. how abt a mobile app? would be great to receive more of ur tweets...
AAAAAND... &amp;chbh=a does the trick! thanks to my mentor for pointing out how stats are implemented in the ios app! :)
and the new honda city arrived today! congrats @simulation!!
i want to make rage comics on some of my coll mates...
its not even 12 hours since i woke up but the day seems long... must be because i am working...
what is Kieswetter doing?? allow Cook to score a century!!
come on cook! get that century!!
cook seems to be playing his best odi innings ever!!
so, facebook decides to ask users to download an exe file for video chat?? that doesn't work even under wine for me... facebook is fail.
How to Sell Like Steve Jobs http://t.co/9Bcs9q5 via @copyblogger
sure! leaving to coll on sunday.
cool. thanks! :)
considering free anti-virus s/w for mom's netbook. ur suggestion? is avast still good?
love the background music too! http://t.co/U0cFiNf
have always loved these wafers...
yep. most of my work would finish by next week anyway...
cleaning up my inbox. setting up new filters b4 i leave to college...
some ppl don't use the reply button in twitter. wonder why...
am back on twitter!
rain!!
suddenly, life seems good...
taking up the job of fixing the algorithmist website and updating stuff, as my responsibility. does any1 want to join?
Facebook to launch its own country to take on Google Plus: http://t.co/IK5oKtB
Twitter Is Obscenely Profitable http://t.co/TphfLb5
ada paavingala! chennai not available as an option yet... cha.
wait. was the &quot;Add my location&quot; option available earlier for chennai tweeters? nice...
awesome! http://t.co/ofaUAYT
IBM develops 'instantaneous' memory, 100x faster than flash http://t.co/pamLr0v via @engadget
lol http://t.co/vJaVu0W
some prob with my android virtual devices. they crashed &amp; had to be force closed. seems a few of them were running in the bground...
omg! i just now realized why my lappy was heating up like a furnace...
my thought process, instead of &quot;oh! map is a hash! oh! dictionary is a hash too!&quot;, is &quot;oh! map is a dictionary!&quot;. i learnt python b4 c++ stl
what happened?
if u post that u'd need just one mark to pass, a sadist teacher would 'like' it, while a nice teacher would +1 it. #googleplusvsfb #mokka
googleplusvsfb
mokka
oh. i don't think the it'll get released officially before aug 30. that's when my project officially ends.
dei! the wordpress app has been in the market for a loooong time. i am working on it to 'improve' it...
Manmohan Singh laughs out loud at Ranbir Kapoor&#8217;s DoCoMo joke: http://t.co/yoUBap8
wait. Google! U r supposed to inform me when I get access to Google+!! Not wait for me to find out on my own...
I still can't figure out where my code exceeds the time limit!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh....... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!! TLE!
i'd dump facebook for google plus any day! now, if only someone would send me an invite...
gave off 2 of my shirts which i had outgrown, to my maid servant for her son. been quite some time since i last did that. feels good. :)
when u feel bad for having committed a mistake but dunno whom to apologize to, append #sorryshaktiman to ur tweet... :P
sorryshaktiman
omg! a c++ program has been waiting for input in my terminal, since morning. noticed only now. #sorryshaktiman
sorryshaktiman
I think it is during the evening only. Anyway, not adyar. Mandaveli today.
grand sweets dhonnai! \m/
must be due to that coldact that i refused to take but was finally forced to...
waking up after nearly 14 hours of sleep...
century only now. :( but better late than never...
darn headache!!
If life provided me an auto-complete option, i'll tab my way through final year of college...
oh. hostel fees by 20th july is it? I was worried that it might be 20th june or something like that...
I have no idea about date. I remember seeing some notice in hostel about payment of fees. What was that about?
when should we pay college fees? Is the date over or something? I remember seeing some notice...
ppl start thinking only when they shed their ego...
whatay sleep that was!
what's worse than lazy noobs? conceited lazy noobs!!
TIL what the DRY priniciple is...
hai! nice new youtube... :)
write code - check. write report - check. commit code - not authorized to commit!! u kidding me??
report submitted! can go to sleep peacefully now... :)
just realized something. u'd have to enable the snapshot feature while creating the avd...
hic... i must somehow stop these hiccups. hic...
linux
oh. i use only froyo... never knew abt gingerbread...
best to use the avd manager as u r doing. when u create one, and click &quot;Start...&quot;, u'lll see the options. saw in some blog.
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
googling about this problem would help u better...
have u heard abt sukumar prasad? he used to play carnatic music on guitar. no news of him for years. trying to find him...
it'll take time to close too. the next time when u launch the avd, remove the save to snapshot option as it is set the 1st time
it is usually slow the first time. b4 starting the avd, set the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Launch from snapshot&quot; in avd manager
...and i hate eclipse too...
i HATE my AVD's...
there is more to this code than that meets the eye...
had a gut feeling that it will rain today. so it does! awesome!
argh! everything is so complicated!! life is full of dilemmas...
a mistake that i keep repeating is that i give preference to clean, reusable code even when time is running out.
lol. mishra seems to be the highest scorer after dravid in this innings. well played.
dravid top-edges bishoo to give mid-on a simple catch. that's the end of a v fine century and the indian innings...
dravid six!! u don't see that v often...
nice innings from mishra. sharma on strike now.
ouch! sammy tempts mishra with a loose delivery outside off. mishra simply cuts it, only for third man to collect the catch easily.
Facebook Connect Updated | Codechef: http://blog.codechef.com/2011/06/23/facebook-connect-updated/
and just when i was thinking that rampaul wasn't leaking runs, mishra hits him for 2 consecutive audacious fours!
50 run partnership between dravid and mishra now!
i just love ravi rampaul's bowling! makes the batsman earn every run...
yay!! dravid century!! awkward shot but still an awesome innings...
dravid nudges the last ball of the over to third-man to take a single. moves on to 99.
with a leg glance to mid-on, dravid takes a single to move on to 98 now...
dravid on 97 now...
why would i want to sleep during the night when an india test series gives me company?
wow!!
even my parents find the weather here in Chennai to be horrible. and by that, I mean that I am not fussing.
ah. it is v cool and pleasant in Chennai during night time... WITH THOSE AC's SWITCHED ON, OF COURSE!!!
oops! was referring to a wrong file now. names of files should differ by more than just one character...
i feel that dark themes appeal more to me than the light ones...
after a few weeks, i think i can say that fedora 15 with gnome 3 is worse than ubuntu 11.04 with unity...
that was one long nap! don't even remember at what time I dozed off b4 the comp...
what is the quickest way to invoke nautilus? i think Alt+F2-&amp;gt;.-&amp;gt;Enter
one koshtin. was symbian really bad?
feeling really comfortable about twitter only now . cos of twidge...
I am using twidge to tweet about it! lol. https://github.com/jgoerzen/twidge/wiki nice.
system slows down drastically while running firefox 5 on ubuntu...
no auto-complete in firefox 5 too! disappointed...
netbooks are just perfect! but mom doesn't allow me to install ubuntu in hers... :P
then go for a netbook! simple. :P
lol. according to me, laptops can't be replaced b4 2020.
ah! voice! the form of input i dislike the most. i'd look like a chatterbox while tweeting, won't be able to do personal stuff, etc
its difficult to hold tablets and type at full speed at the same time... it might not be as convenient as laptops.
i wouldn't want to use a desktop while sitting on the bed, sofa or anywhere outdoors. that's why laptops originated, right?
so, if tablets are going to be docked and worked with, using a manual keyboard, i'll still call it a laptop.
nothing beats the convenience of a manual keyboard and a screen which u don't have to hold, for long usage.
i thought u meant bigger size for convenient usage...
what is the difference between an oversized mobile phone that shrinks and a normal mobile phone?
what?? u say there'll be oversized mobile phones and they'll shrink. we already have them!
will an oversized mobile phone even fit in our pockets?/
by 2020?
lol. I am already on it for a long time. In fact, even my parents use dropbox...
why suddenly now? isn't Dropbox old and famous?
can i know how u built it? there isn't any for chrome yet.
usb consumes less power. power consumption for phone 2g&amp;lt;3g&amp;lt;wifi&amp;lt;wifi hotspot, i think.
sad fact is, it doesn't matter much, even if i do get hit by a bus... :P
stupid me. i have all along connected my android phone to comp thru usb to use the internet. just realized the portable hotspot feature now.
wow! just now realized that the spoj rank tracker on firefox was done by you!
TIL I learnt what Bus Factor is...
going through my project history on its blog now...
Kasab offers to share the menu card for long term jail inmates, with kanimozhi... #fakenews
fakenews
Awesome 3g speeds all of a sudden!
most of ur followers seem to be bots or unknown ppl, y r u even tweeting?? aale illaadhe kadaikku tea aatharaiya? :P
my bro is still a twitter noob. i think i'll troll him... :P
celebrating special days like father's day isn't about showing ur love on that day. it is to remind how u have to be always...
every day when I wake up, I search online news for the official release of gingerbread for my samsung galaxy ace...
which phone?
the ind vs eng test series promises to be awesome!
ian bell has always been underrated... awesome series for him!
rm -rf /* ?
my bro's on twitter finally. he registered long back but never tweeted. irony is, his name is his twitter handle: @adithya
AOL Hell: An AOL Content Slave Speaks Out &#171; News http://t.co/MxlXJcE via @thefastertimes
good morning tweeps! that was one hectic week. hoping to have a nice weekend...
i sure have earned my weekend this time!!
very difficult to code when mood out...
its split into 500, 2250 and 2250. 500 now.
yikes! seems citi accounts are being hacked and some gsoc students have lost their money! thankfully, i still have mine! headin to atm now!!
http://yfrog.com/kjf8pkj windows... the real world is beyond.
I think i'll try my hands on photography soon...
my first purchase on flipkart...
which version? what's the problem?
Like the tweetdeck post widget on my home screen...
yeah. fb groups r awesome. I meant that fb apps hv a huge impact. not huge hit.
I get silly stuff on my news feed from some of them. need to go block them. they think everyone is so eager to knw wt they're upto
buzz includes gmail contacts. fb provides apps. and tht is a HUGE thing. but on fb, wtvr I post goes to ALL my friends n relatives
interesting stuff like videos and links. I want to find old friends n mantain contact. Not follow whatever they're upto.
Posting what u r upto right now,on fb feels like bragging,to me. I wud've followed u on twitter,if I hd been remotely interested in all tat
Why does tweetdeck show user details only in portrait view?
personally would like chrome browser to replace the android default browser on phones
i feel that the biggest competitor to chrome os or chrome browser on phones will be google itself, through android
I dunno which looks better: ubuntu 11.04 with macbuntu theme, fedora 15 with gnome 3, windows 7 or the chromium os i'm using right now...
nope
why don't u have a proper twitter dp yet?
don't ever to do a &quot;note to self&quot; on twitter. do a instead.
upgraded chrome to 12.0.742.100. hopefully i can play flash videos better now.
i have ALWAYS felt that chrome is better than firefox. i meant that shifting to firefox from chrome is almost impossible for me.
i will think of permanently switching over to firefox only if the address bar autocompletes what i'm typing.
lol. now it seems unfair, is it? http://t.co/SdiJnS3
no da. i really meant it. heading over to stackoverflow.com...
post ur queries at http://t.co/yyIRXXV :P
On a more serious note, I better get back to work.
Come on twitter! Give me more useless information for me waste time on.
feel like puking at windows start menu search. not working for months and no easy solution to it.
my twitter password has been changed to ******** (its hashed. so my original password might not have the same number of letters.) :P
yep. http://t.co/Q2Zndei
lol. what happened after that?
really wish that the next version of firefox autocompleted my url just like chrome...
why didn't headlines today do an extensive coverage about the issue before he died? plz take it up atleast now.
just a few more seconds for kate to get installed on windows...
what's their reason?
does searching on wikipedia help?
framework in what sense?
expected more from safari. not up to the mark...
this worked. http://t.co/kzhXIw0 just modified the solution in the first reply and it worked without a hitch.
recovered my Windows 7 at last, after a partial night-out!! Yay!! Triple booting Ubuntu 11.04, Fedora 15 and Windows 7 now!
Congrats!!
those guys are straining themselves to dig the road. they just don't realize that pouring something equivalent to rainwater will do the job.
http://yfrog.com/kf1lkaj suspicious looking men digging up the road in the middle of the night, outside my home. traffic sign put up though
i know it has awesome specs but not an absolute must for coll goers like us. there'll be somethin btr when we start working.
of course, i meant that galaxy ace is awesome enough for me in my previous tweet...
galaxy s2 seems worth it only if u have a deep pocket. it is almost double the price of my galaxy ace which is awesome enough for me.
thanks anyway. i have been without windows for quite a few months. would be prefer a completely risk-free approach to recover.
yes. but no official upgrades for it in india yet. http://t.co/6Kz3VEy
have kinda heard abt it. of course, i replaced fedora's grub to ubuntu's grub2.
u got an iphone or are u in a showroom? how is the native twitter app?
i have no idea! :P i never spent time understanding what all that meant. just wanted to have the latest distro! :P
Why I love and hate having a smartphone - The Oatmeal http://t.co/cJNlrTW via @Oatmeal
lol. &quot;might&quot;? that makes me a bit scared to try...
Help required. How do I recover Windows 7 after Ubuntu and Fedora install? Exact problem here: http://t.co/uDyU6TF
go outside and close the door. :P :D
is this the end of scheduled powercuts?
i have started loving my project much much more, all of a sudden!! dunno why exactly though...
i rarely use torrents...
Setting up Kate snippets http://wp.me/pP4hy-2B
i think it means playing only for pride. there is not much else to win, once the series is lost.
am all set for a heavy nap this afternoon. slept late, woke up early. perfect.
awesome profile pic!
have u tried freecharge.in? i think its good. works fine for me everytime.
searching for &quot;macbuntu 11.04&quot; on google shows my blog as the 3rd option and searching for &quot;macbuntu on ubuntu 11.04&quot; shows it as the first!
I'm at Anna Centenary Library (Kotturpuram, Chennai) http://4sq.com/ljWKEL
exactly!
? so?
where old woodlands drive-in was. near gemini flyover. parents say it is near stella maries coll.
yep
Semmozhi poonga is okay... Not awesome or anything.
aaathaaaa!! naa pass aaaayiten!!!
lol. jus saw the account. Ippo enna panna pora?
I shifted to chrome the next day. :P Echofon is the best for ff. Love the side pane option.
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 3 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2p
wanted to watch Alice in Wonderland since a long time back. found it in bro's lappy today. sweet.
lol. no. its going to be Alice in Wonderland...
mood out. need something to distract myself...
exactly...
learning to play the guitar with the help of today's google doodle is the in-thing now...
after 3 days of breaking my head over a bug, i show my code to my mentor. he points it out in a few seconds...
pains with/without glasses. finding it difficult to adjust to it.
please headache.leave me alone,
sick or slick?
Maaveeran in tamil...
it hurts whatever power u have. u must be knowing that. been without glasses for almost a week now. strain.
Power back after 310 minutes...
4 hours 15 minutes now. Even college was better...
Alwarpet.
3 hours and 15 minutes without power now...
2 hours and 15 minutes. still no signs of power coming back...
maybe a leg count of 44,000
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 2 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2g
enough blogging for the day. planning to come up with more tomorrow. till then, good night tweeps.
Still don't believe me? http://wp.me/pP4hy-2f
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 1 http://wp.me/pP4hy-26
I remember the first time I came upon svn. I couldn't figure out what exactly it was, for quite a few days... :P
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 0: http://wp.me/pP4hy-24
ya. -0.5 in left eye. headache for the past few days...
gotta wear glasses from tomorrow... :(
Macbuntu in Ubuntu 11.04 http://wp.me/pP4hy-1V
is my excessive sleeping due to my current eye prob or has it become a habit or is it just laziness? can any of my medical friends clarify?
it used to be one hour earlier...
gah! that 2 hour powercut was irritating!
one more #kde application that I love: Basket!!
kde
back on twitter. nothing can stop me now.
Sad that almost everyone seems to support either one of the two sides, both without any credibility. #babavscong
babavscong
I don't trust any baba or godman.
Manmohan Singh needs a magic wand. U r not a street magician. U r the pm. Shows that u yourself r either inept or corrupt. Disgusting!
Tiwary evades the questions posed to him and runs away...
Dei, tiwary, answer those qsns by Jethmalani now!
and the week starts... #mondaymorningblues
mondaymorningblues
listening to music after so many days!
chennai's weather is no different from trichy's. :(
&quot;trust-me-jayabalan&quot; or &quot;trust me, jayabalan&quot; ? :P
what happened to me??
Some kids from US are so well behaved. But most are not. #sad #fact
sad
fact
So, do I have any more of these ill-mannered brat-from-US relatives?
Just got to know that Ganesh and Kumaresh are distance relatives of mine. :-)
sitting in a random park in bangalore and working on lappy. awesome weather too...
games!! Heavy games!!
Damn! I think must wear glasses now! :(
Ouch! Came to bangalore for a marriage. it seems the bride's dad passed away yday n marriage postponed!
so, did u actually send ur 1000th tweet to me?? :P ;)
that was development da. this is programming...
ouch! so out of touch that i am struggling to solve programming problems now... :(
Dunno whether to laugh or cry - &quot;Chinese teen sells his kidney for an iPad 2 - Telegraph http://t.co/UbFgrH3 &quot;
Government releases official yoga position to remove corruption: http://t.co/exQJfyP
Why Facebook is Scared of Twitter - http://t.co/37n6bbP
hurray! my code works properly now!!
I still can't believe that some ppl still trust this govt!! minister-steals-a-telephone-exchange-loots-bsnl: http://t.co/h6jnVhy
Oracle 'donates' OpenOffice.org to Apache foundation | ZDNet UK http://t.co/vQbWdzS
my first-ever screencast! :P http://youtu.be/WiA0CGh2UkE
can u make the Twitter id in the website linked to the twitter account and clickable?
dei, dk. when u r putting up a link, don't put a full stop immediately after it. twitter recognizes it as a part of that link!
not exactly. i made it a point to change my twitter background everyday. that's all.
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;After the Rain&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
ouch! installed some random twitter background only to realize that, that site had spammed my twitter timeline too...
i live in alwarpet and it is raining here
and the rain starts! perfect weather.
woke up just now. looked up at the sky to find it absolutely dark at 4.30pm!!
Heavy lunch, warm weather, power cut, pleasant music... zzzzz...
yay! life is so much simpler now. i can code what i intended to do, now... #android
android
ah. now i realize that there is a compatibility library for older api versions, to implement fragments...
so badly want fragments and action bar to be back-ported to at least api level 8! would be so much easier to code then... #android
android
cool. jayalalitha saw me now. she must be privileged... :P
i am being plagued by something like this... https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/compiz/+bug/778490
:D RT: @Aarthi_2410: toxic dose of ur thathuvam. Am already hyperventilating :-D
not yet. all the way, flags, banners and posters standing...
think tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha would be passing through the road, where my home is, today...
when u have an opportunity to do a good deed, do it. one of them might go a long way... #thathuvam
thathuvam
good morning tweeps. this is a fine morning...
ah! very tired now. gonna sleep early and wake up early. new habit from now on.
goodbye bad habits!
had a wonderful time with every1 during grandma's 80th birthday celebration!
Grandma's 80th bday celebration! (@ Matsya Restaurant) http://4sq.com/ipH10Y
I will RT this now. :P
Grandma's 80th star bday today. Returning home from kapaleeshwarar temple now.
yes. it did. :-)
Booked tatkal tickets with my #android thru #opera with #3g. #win
android
opera
3g
win
http://yfrog.com/h0ls0dnj My new tshirt from :-)
Linus Renames 2.6.40 Kernel To Linux 3.0, Announces Release Candidate http://t.co/KOIPigt
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Garden Wallpaper&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
yay! got my first t-shirt from now! looks great!
#ubuntu11.04 - #chrome.  #fedora15 - #firefox. #android - #opera.
ubuntu11
chrome
fedora15
firefox
android
opera
#opera on android is super awesome!
opera
went on a #firefox add-on download spree! sooo many add-ons now! yay!
firefox
of course, its obvious what it is. but why the underscore?
leaning towards #firefox more than #chrome now...
firefox
chrome
RT dai y did u change ur name??
ROFL! SO TRUE!! RT: @krishashok: Back after a break. Late night snack #tambrahmrage http://bit.ly/jP9K48 by and @krishashok
tambrahmrage
Good morning tweeps.
there! it crashed again!!
u kidding? my 11.04 keeps crashing at least 5 times in a day!! dunno y.
damn! #ubuntu! stop crashing!!
ubuntu
just had a epiphany! time to set my priorities right...
think i solved my problem of forgettin #topcoder #srm's. setup #google calendar to remind me thru emails, popups and #android notifications.
topcoder
srm
google
android
how abt applying for indian citizenship? :P ;)
Back home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Home) http://4sq.com/l2YweE
I just became the mayor of Anirudh's Home on @foursquare! http://4sq.com/jeoQbu
introducing my mom to #dropbox now. :-)
dropbox
At Grandparents' Home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Grandparents' Home) http://4sq.com/keBSg6
RT @lut4rp:  I'm not &quot;on&quot; twitter. It's asynchronous. If I get a notification and the message needs a reply, I will.
the more i use twitter, the less i use facebook...
#NowPlaying Shri Maha Ganapathe by Balaji Shankar - Abhogi Raagam - Kanda Chapu Thaalam
NowPlaying
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Moonlit Meadow&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
this is more complex than i thought...
accidental power nap! :P
no dhoni for WI tour...
i always seemed to like #firefox #addons more than #chrome #extensions. the way chrome displays its extensions doesn't appeal to me...
firefox
addons
chrome
extensions
time for an haircut...
good morning tweeps! feels great to have parents back at home!!
yeah! but i keep missing almost every srm!
HATE MYSELF!! missed registering for today's #topcoder #srm today too! was watching csk bash rbc around...
topcoder
srm
any luck with ur phone? tried &quot;Wheres My Droid&quot; ?
lol. I don't think I've ever recorded a video from this phone. Never thought about it. :-P
galaxy ace s5830. Really good.
my first salary is still sleeping in my gsoc atm withdrawal card. badly want to get something BIG for my parents with my first salary...
not everyone does.
u there at #rubyconfindia?
rubyconfindia
what about Settings-&amp;gt;About phone ?
some lady complaining on a news channel that gold prices are too high for middle class ppl like her. y buy gold then?? #showoff
showoff
lol! Ha ha!
Wow! mobile.twitter.com is awesome!
meant that too under editor... :P RT: @batusaix911: or like an IDE :D
life is like a text editor. u may not like what u have, but u can always customize it to be the way u like it... #thathuvam
thathuvam
this article might convince you. http://www.androidtapp.com/wheres-my-android/
i think the default text msg is &#8220;Wheres my Droid&#8221;. u might want to be there in the location before msging.
of course, i mean installing through web. http://bit.ly/jElUjm
i am trying to say that u can install it now too, through the android market. u wouldn't have to confirm at the other end...
I'm one of the first in line for the &quot;One Page Twitter Dashboard&quot; from #TwitSprout. Join me  http://t.co/GgTLq6j via @TwitSprout
TwitSprout
seems that #mci delhi is heading towards the same scenario as that of mci chennai. good start, then becoming absolutely boring...
mci
y don't u check?
i just followed 4 guys who were tweeting about #mci delhi. my timeline is full of their tweets now... :P
mci
just when i was thinking whether my eyes were tricking me into believing that the twitter details pane was thinner... http://tnw.co/jWI2U6
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.alienmanfc6.wheresmyandroid
u can install Where is my Droid through the market place onto your phone and make it ring...
no kung fu panda tickets available in satyam for tomorrow. inox website not working properly...
i can't believe that is following me on twitter!! feel so honored...
when u r not hungry but still want to munch on something, don't go for junk food. try munching green bean sprouts instead. #healthytweets
healthytweets
lol. he won't read my tweets da. don't worry. :P
The Da Vinci Code was running on Sony Pix now. The poor direction reminded me of Sachin's poor captaincy in yday's match...
no da. am trying out new themes daily. tweeting abt them so that my followers can try them out too...
i completely forgot that i have an extra white panel for my mobile! i think i will try it out now...
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Rectangles&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps. have a great saturday!
yeah. remastered ubuntu. http://www.oslike.se/
googling about macbuntu might help. most of those sites have screenshots...
yes, it did! sadly macbuntu doesn't seem to available for ubuntu 11.04 yet. i think those guys are making it a fork of ubuntu.
and of course, for the mac experience, i was using macbuntu on my ubuntu 10.10 for a few months... :P
btw, i haven't attempted recovering Windows in my lappy. Windows7 doesn't figure in my bootloader. not interested in it either.
lol. I downloaded Chromium OS a few months back and installed it on my pendrive and tried it. :P don't use it much though...
no no. I had Eclipse in Fedora 14. Now have it in Ubuntu 11.04. overwrote Fedora 14 with 15. So, downloading Eclipse for 15...
i think i'll just download eclipse and android sdk in fedora 15 too, to be safe. will be my download for the night...
i think i'll be done with my work by tomorrow morning. gonna sleep now. gotta wake up early tomorrow.
#guake looks very nice in #fedora 15...
guake
fedora
@dorait: any tech meetups this weekend in chennai? been a long time since I attended any. dunno where exactly to find...
did u have a look at samsung galaxy ace s5830? i think it is pretty good. ~15k. worth every penny.
good night. :)
i think u were waiting for such an opportunity to tweet about, throughout the tournament! :P
has firefox plugin-finder service EVER found adobe flash plugin? i think not. #firefox4
firefox4
why are the firefox guys so keen on maintaining space for the title bar? would like it be how it is, in chrome. #firefox4
firefox4
browser is where twitter is... #echofon #firefox4
echofon
firefox4
sadly twitter.com is crashing even in chromium... #fedora15
fedora15
although i might want csk to face mi, i think rcb deserves to get into the finals, more... #ipl
ipl
frankly saying, MI must produce such a performance today, to make the world believe that it deserves to get into the finals. #ipl
ipl
sometimes, major decisions in life might be based just on small reasons... #thathuvam. like changing browsers, for example...
thathuvam
gnome3 might not be perfect, but #fedora did the right thing by moving to gnome3 if they wanted to stand upto ubuntu and compete. good job!
fedora
#gnome3 looks good. but cannot say that it is very customizable...
gnome3
that's strange! twitter.com keeps crashing in chrome fedora 15...
ani who? me?? i dont even have windows on my system since february!
100th century at Lords would be the best!!
lol. no right click almost everywhere!! #gnome3 #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
typical. firefox occupies more screen space than necessary in #gnome3. #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
fedora 15 is good. i like it. :)
tweeting from fedora 15 &quot;Lovelock&quot; live cd. gnome 3... i think i'll take it.
downloaded #fedora 15 once again! hope it works properly this time...
fedora
some #kde programs that #gnome might never be able to beat: kate, yakuake and k3b.
kde
gnome
the Jura mountains in Switzerland.
#lessinterestingbooks Bored Ultimatum
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks Harry Potter and the Bengal Prince
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks  Harry Potter and the Prisoners of Tihar
lessinterestingbooks
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Daytime Daffodil&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps!
I earned the Lone Wolf sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/kyC9ft
proteinex is the best!
RT Awesome free ebook of startup wisdom from Hiten Shah, Noah Kagan, Patrick McKenzie and others http://bit.ly/MicroConf2
Anirudh S looted a cool item at http://t.co/Y7Vo6bE 0 ago
wow! that sure would be superb!
lol. my coll's curriculum is pathetic! the teaching is worse... just passion to write code drives us forward...
sure. right now or long term? i study at nit trichy. 3rd year btech comp sci. right now working on the app... :P
yeah. working on the existing android app of wordpress...
AAAAND... ITS MY 1000TH TWEET!! 4 figures. ;) &quot;dedicate&quot; it to my amma - - the best mom in the whole world!!
some stats: 50% download of fedora 15 over. today is my mom's star bday. this is my 999th tweet. ;)
kinda yes. dunno what to plan...
dunno. parents wouldn't be at home...
would like a tweeple meetup at chennai. would be fun! any1 up for it?
thanks da. :)
the starter kit contains a pen, some documents to be read, a cute notebook and the prepaid card... #gsoc
gsoc
yay! got my google summer of code starter kit now ! :-)
wait. when did fedora 15 stable get released? @kadithya: u know?
klout is cool. i like it. @klout
just had tomato soup made my grandma! was awesome! perfect for this weather...
very cloudy here. might rain later in the day... :)
wow! awesome weather at chennai today!
good morning tweeps. will be working the whole day today...
timeline problem - Twitter Status http://t.co/tbMoSRo via @twitter
still not able to recover my timeline... what is going on??
what just happened? my timeline disappeared! #twitter
twitter
want a a csk vs mi finals this year too. after all, noone would mind losing to SRT. of course, i'd expect csk to win! #ipl #csk #whistlepodu
ipl
csk
whistlepodu
why would ravi shastri have to carry his personal computer along with him to tweet? he can always tweet from his mobile. #ipl
ipl
why should I implement a GridView? I can as well implement nested Linear Layouts if i know how many elements i'm using...  #android
android
whattacatch! #whattaman #srt
whattaman
srt
just received 2 coupons for discount of 100Rs on Inkfruit t-shirts, through freecharge. can i use both coupons on the same tshirt?
omg. just now woke up after a loooooong sleep.
ok
cycling in the evening. will check availability of movie tickets.
ya. some1 online.
hard-fought draw! feels great after being on the brink of losing...
must be greater in size or space than what's allowed...
y don't u have a proper twitter dp?
if u already haven't bought an inkfruit tee #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
if u r gonna tweet just to win free t-shirts #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
in my college, comp sci subjects are taught better in other depts like EEE and ICE. sad. and would agree...
neatly explained solution for second shortest path. http://bit.ly/mIJXwk
wow! linux using javascript! http://bellard.org/jslinux/
feel like going through topcoder algorithm tutorials now...
and how is it that i have never come upon this? it is just awesome!  http://oeis.org/
this is good. http://jlongster.com/s/dom3d/ lags a bit in my browser though...
&quot;The distance between two points on a sphere will be proportional to the chord connecting them.&quot; hmmm...
http://groups.google.com/group/algogeeks is the link. u can join the group if u r interested. (a li'l spammy though)
solution didn't exceed expectations. typical O(log n) solution only. but one nice obsvn. not considering leading zeros. so n always odd...
reading a discussion on finding whether the binary representation of a number is a palindrome or not...
ubuntu mouse pointer lag hurts... painful to see it move across slowly...
so, i guess i'll go read those mails for the next one hour... #algogeeks
algogeeks
abt 550 mails in my mailbox under the label algogeeks. been filtering and storing them for a long time without reading them properly...
is planning to go on a tweet spree soon. mobile followers, if any, please be warned...
nothing motivates me better than failure! let the coding begin...
damn! so close to submitting solution to 500 problem! #topcoder
topcoder
&quot;error: declaration of &#128;&#152;std::vector&amp;lt;coin&amp;gt; coins&#128;&#153; shadows a parameter&quot; - very helpful. thank u! #sarcasm
sarcasm
when was the last time i saw dawn??
there! this is my twitter theme for the day.
I just rated 9 Superhero Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/kEVgGy
am thinking of getting myself a t-shirt from seems good...
feel good to wake up early! especially this early!!
it feels funny when u sleep for long and wake up at the time when u usually go to sleep daily...
32 degrees C. chennai alwarpet.
some guy in my timeline retweeted stuff from microsoft about windows phone and all that... immediately unfollowed him.
lol. i AM planning to... :P
wow! that was awesome! my new cycle is very comfortable, i must say! exceeded my expectations. full 10 out of 10!
time to go cycling! :-)
almost dozed while watching tv... i dont even remember what i was watching... back to work.
RT @cricinfo_news: Anand Ramachandran on the awesomeness of Chris Gayle | Page 2 | ESPN Cricinfo http://t.co/hDMJorf
interested in learning magic tricks? watch Indrajit Murali in sri sankara channel at 1pm on weekdays. he's really good...
i'd say zaheer khan instead of bollinger or praveen kumar...
gotta resume working now...
yay! connected to the internet thru ubuntu!!
my ubuntu not connecting to my wireless connection even after multiple restarts. dunno why...
y isnt my internet connection working???
want to put the netbook at home to good use. any suggestions?
changed my twitter background after a looong time. feels fresh and different now. must remember to do it often...
to sleep or not to sleep? irritated that code isn't working. not sleepy either...
very misleadingly titled article...
Rahul Gandhi
i think u look the same even now! (tat foto)
dhoni can't do anything wrong today! de villiers goes... #ipl #csk
ipl
csk
peanut butter
t-shirt or shirt?
Get free coupons with every mobile recharge http://t.co/y7HgnEJ via @freechargein
dmk complains that Rebecca Black was responsible for their 2nd successive horrible friday. makes &quot;tgif&quot; taboo within party.
yeah! me too.
if they had been THAT brave enough, they would have surrendered on their own...
i dedicate my 900th tweet to @simulation! he's my dad and he's fun to follow on twitter...
now plz shut that stupid channel down...
news channels...
for all those who pronounce kanimozhi as kanimoli or kanimoyi, this is the way to do it. http://vocaroo.com/?media=vmXAMIUIrhbl6CGWr
i think i might move over permanently from vlc to banshee for music...
Support #Android, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/3c9veB - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
Android
twibbon
Support #WordPress, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/6HK8am - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
WordPress
twibbon
I earned the Check-in Rookie sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/llWuUm
I just rated 12 Animation Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/j5eVSr
i dont think i'll have a use for fedora anymore... installed eclipse, adt plugin and other necessary stuff in ubuntu 11.04...
I earned the Addon Adhesive sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/mkJWL2
tweetdeck, where's my droid, barcode scanner and maybe gmote too...
u can try chromed bird for tweeting. it has an url shortener within it too...
Sir, if you can click the reply button every time u reply to someone's tweet, we wud know in what context, ur tweet is in. Thanks.
A letter to Rahul Vinci (&quot;Rahul Gandhi&quot;) https://www.facebook.com/topic.php?uid=111552515531825&amp;topic=924
thank you @twitvim!! this is really awesome!
I can now tweet from vim!! Awesome!
anirudh24seven
do u mean gilly and marsh?
of course!! :)
we can get our phones upgraded from Froyo to Gingerbread. i.e. Android 2.2 to Android 2.3
of course, it'll happen only later for India...
Did u hear the news? Gingerbread Promised for Galaxy Devices by End of May http://bit.ly/m1oCOF
decided that i'll sleep throughout the morning and afternoon on weekdays and do a night-out daily. can't stand the summer heat...
for every arbit tweet that i see, i am unfollowing that person. feels good to keep my timeline clean...
yeah. saw those &quot;scenarios&quot; article on cricinfo? they haven't updated it after yday's match though...
oops! lol. yeah... even i want bangalore to lose...
he knows that no total can be small enough for gayle. smart playing... #gilly
gilly
planning to install a lot of chrome extensions...
oh. 21st of this month? will check the invitation for the exact location now. am coming...
how abt http://theme.wordpress.com/themes/clean-home/ ?
my work is related to d UI. existing app has an old style interface which is not v intuitive. trying to make it more easy to use
if u r usin twitter through twitter.com, u'll usually see &quot;# new tweets received&quot; which u'd have to click. this eliminates tat
modifying the existing wordpress android app...
cool. :)
Auto refresh twitter - Chrome Extension. u ppl might like it. http://bit.ly/eKMPnG
wow! @HowStuffWorks's android app is awesome!
9-5? which day of the week? i'm having daily power cut from 11 to 11.45...
Mini idly and masal dosai at grand sweets. :) (@ Grand Sweets) http://4sq.com/kgN4D4
maybe its an Apple-sponsored attack to make the masses believe that iPhone is indeed popular... #facebook #spam
facebook
spam
will unfollowing constitute fair play?
i judged a book by its cover and i turned out to be right ! :P
what a wonderful morning! forced myself to wake up. am all eager to visit the koturpuram library today... have a great day tweeple!
of course! very true...
they are responsible for powercuts, water shortages and bad roads. it affects everyone. that's why we vote...
now, the question is, &quot;who will become the opposition leader?&quot; gabdun or mk ?? #tnelections
tnelections
Facebook admits hiring PR firm to smear Google http://t.co/yn44TPh via @engadget
http://brooksreview.net/2011/05/ballmer/ Can anyone challenge these views?
BREAKING NEWS: Mother's day celebrated again in TN, 5 days after original Mother's day! #amma #tnelections
amma
tnelections
both the major parties promised freebies... and one is leading. is it still a snub? i think ppl still want freebies...
which constituency? mylapore?
depends on how many seats his party manages to win... :P
do u know abt mylapore? how can i find out?
lol. http://gabeswebsite.com/images/funny/wrestle.gif
not so disappointed though. got the 500 right. whew! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
read the qsn wrong for 250. thought that final configuration was given n was asked to calculate the initial config. #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
me! me! me too!RT @ashwinjagadeesh: Anyone else feeling ashamed to say rahul gandhi an indian?
gaaaah!! made a mistake in my solution! damn!! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
intermission phase now... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
if it is c++, then i think http://cplusplus.com/reference/stl/ can help u a lot...
why's that?
lol. only 15 submissions for the 1000 pt problem so far... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
i HATE youtube!!
u seem to be in a good mood. guess what i had for dinner now. :D (u'll surely love it if u try it!)
why is  http://developer.android.com/videos/index.html down? shows a 404: Not Found error!
wow!! i was just searching for the same thing!! thanks!
wikipedia did say thru twitter that there might be some problems, right?
i was all excited about google music beta and requested an invitation! only to find that the service was available only in the US... :'-(
Want to watch the keynote speech by live streaming. But leaving for a movie now. :-( #io2011
io2011
never realized that if u enclose text with * in gchat, it appears in bold. for example, *hello* will make hello appear as bold... #gchat
gchat
haha. i &quot;dedicate&quot; my 800th tweet to you with this reply!!
oh. never realized that i am already close to 800 tweets... this is easy :P
there can't be a new TR-rage... cos he's already T 'RAGE'ndar...
i think i am so getting used to working from home... :P hope that the habit doesn't continue when i get a job...
#chatzilla is my favorite irc client...  the only reason i have got firefox running on my comp, actually...
chatzilla
bad luck. my q&amp;a session with the #wordpress community has been scheduled to 10.30pm today. wud be in satyam watching Ko with family. #gsoc
wordpress
gsoc
yuvraj with ganguly now... :)
videos are always an awesome way to learn stuff.
wonders why gtug chennai doesn't have a twitter account yet...
when hasn't Microsoft tried that?
ganguly's strike rate is 0, right now... #ipl4
ipl4
want to follow all google sites on twitter? here is the link... http://www.google.com/intl/en/press/twitter-directory.html
rightly said! :)
wish twitter provided some badges... or wait! is twitter awesome because it doesn't do all that??
my thoughts exactly !! :P
machi. just noticed that you have more followers than following!! #celebrity da nee! @Satish_NR
celebrity
i think i might reach 800 tweets by today...
thanks! :)
myself, sriram, sagar sumit and nivash went through a few rounds but didn't get it. not sure about nivash...
feels that most of my college mates cannot stop bragging about their internships on facebook... grow up ppl! what say ?
Lunch over. Was good. :-)
for that he should try. We shouldn't try... :P
lol. No no. the talks on #android apps r usually awesome... #io2011
android
io2011
everyone is capable of everything. What we do determines who we are... #thathuvam
thathuvam
acquisition of skype by microsoft confirmed... :(
gotta have lunch now. will maybe tweet from my mobile then... :P
wish that the Action Bar widget was available for #android versions &amp;lt; 3.0 too...
android
the more you learn, the more you can think and come up with better ideas... #knowledge #thathuvam
knowledge
thathuvam
i haven't downloaded google chrome 11 on my fedora yet, just because i don't like the logo... :P
nice to see that you are still concerned about the indian education system. i gave up long ago...
and while you are it, you can check out the actual #io2011 website too... http://www.google.com/events/io/2011/ #google #awesome
io2011
google
awesome
going for 'ko' nightshow at satyam today... #ko
ko
what if i can't go to #io2011 ? i'll live stream it or look at it online later... :)
io2011
wonder why gmail every time seemingly seems to be loading something for a loooong time while nothing is actually loaded... #gmail
gmail
love the android app for google i/o 2011... looks awesome! http://bit.ly/knyOMt check out the screenshots! #io2011
io2011
i think i shall start tweeting...
lol at @RajivMakhni's remark that its sad tat mobile manufacturers haven't yet come up with a phone for ppl who can't use one of their hands
can u summarize what is different in this year's contest from last year? i want to know before i get into it...
u r a chennaiite if u r tweeting about #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
if u can't finish ur dinner at a restaurant, ask the waiter to 'pack' it... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
anyone living in sowcarpet is a settu... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
always quote half of ur intended price to auto drivers. they are sure to double it. #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
ah! that feeling of satisfaction when ur mom hands u cold coffee at home... #priceless
priceless
To kapaleeshwarar temple now, with family. :-)
i want an awesome reminder app for android. free app, of course. any suggestions?
it is just awesome!! my default twitter client on mobile. extremely user-friendly! #tweetdeck
tweetdeck
it would. one might never know when he'd be armed again and destroy countless lives again...
sleeeeepy... want to replace my broken ubuntu with something proper b4 going to sleep. found that 11.04 wasn't to my liking.
disappointed and disgusted with  #natty... #unity
natty
unity
counter-intuitive,unnecessarily takin up valuable screen space,flashy enuf to please all kids.congrats ubuntu! u sure have dug ur own grave.
damn! I didn't da... :-( semma flop. I didn't even meet ht ma'am as senior couldn't contact me due to some mobile problem... :-(
dravid's wicket would cheer up randiv after being slammed around by him...
@Messidk90: think its time that you learnt that its 'loser' and not 'looser'. u r gonna be a final year student soon... @Satish_NR
gotta start packing now... sigh... #boring
boring
yay! exams over! spending time on learning more vim stuff now... #vim #fun
vim
fun
guess so...
listening to Sambho Siva Sambo now...
now playing PuliUrumudhu. in the mood for loud, noisy songs now...
Damn! RT No undue sympathy to students falling short on attendance: Court http://bit.ly/km8cJm
an experienced user like u had to search for the terminal! that's just bad. #unity
unity
http://t.co/W73ex9F For those who are still fans of #ubuntu, 11.04 has been released. #unity
ubuntu
unity
I remember celebrating the release of 10.10 not long ago. I dont even feel like trying 11.04 though...
Worm horror in Subway chicken sandwich http://t.co/sVN6Wlc
Softlinks vs. Hardlinks: A Quick Explanation | Techthrob.com http://j.mp/k7iSek via @AddToAny
great to have you back on twitter !
i dont think i'd want an ipad at any point of my life. #ipad2 #india
ipad2
india
Big shoutout to all fellow hackers . Be there at 'Triggr The Mobile' on 14th May 2011, Noida http://triggr.in #triggr @triggrin
triggr
should pause the work on my project. time to have breakfast. very hungry.
the most attractive employer in india! http://t.co/dTaPT2N5
yahoo made so many awesome web products. it started going down when it stopped innovating.
whew. power back. can start working on my project now.
hmmm. this bing desktop app is decent.
want. when will lumia 900 start shipping to other countries like india?
good morning! :)
lol. no thanks. :D
enough of twitter. finding it difficult to study.
luckily, i was advised not to go home and bring back my windows phone. would have been heavily distracted by it, now during exams.
enjoying the rain?
i wonder what is the point of studying all this if i am not able to write it in the exam within the given time. :-/
they should give extra 15 minutes in exams for slow writers like myself. :P
only solution is to listen to music from my comp. :-/
this random music from the 2nd floor of my hostel is at a perfect sound level to keep me disturbed. neither too high nor too low.
point taken. :)
news source?
going to change my approach to studying. will first finish studying the summarized version in my notes and then read the textbook. #adbms
adbms
Bayern hs bn knwn to b involved wit charitable ventures,helping other FC's in financial disarray as well as ordinary people in misery. #wiki
wiki
my support for today's match: Bayern Munich.
:D
slowly getting into knowing more about football clubs. looking out for a team to support.
And both, dropbox and skydrive allow you complete control over your files. they remain yours and yours alone.
Not to mention that Google can use all your files in whatever way they want. Google has surely become evil with its terms n conditions.
Google drive's 5GB looks stupid in the face of 25 GB offered by Microsoft skydrive.
they effectively shared the cost of the patents  and both of them can use all those patents under a licensing deal. nice.
Microsoft selling many of those AOL patents to facebook is a good move for both of them.
synset in nltk is awesome!
want a python interpreter on android. how difficult will it be to implement? hmmm...
i want to sleep. :( but no power in hostel. might have to sleep in clc itself.
i don't think i will be participating in topcoder srm's in a long time. the last 2 were hard enough to make me lose my interest.
there. another huge drop in my rating.
nope. i am no way consistent.
wow. whatte result. failed system test. :-/
there is no such thing as too much internet.
based on text mining, sentiment analysis and twitter. :)
windows phone development is good. i feel that it is easier and better than android to work with. i haven't worked with ios though.
i think that there is no point of waiting for this topcoder srm results anymore. it could take up the whole night.
moral of the story: speak up if you don't like something. u might come under heavy fire initially but u'll finally get what u want. :)
there. issue solved. classmates shifted their mokka posts to another new group. :)
will the central lecture hall complex be open for students in the mornings too? i can come here and work on my project tomo, then.
and i have been waiting for this for more than an hour now...
omg! it seems that the admins remembered to click the &quot;system test&quot; button only a few minutes ago! is this even true? #topcoder
topcoder
first they set problems that require 3 nested for loops and now they announce that system tests are slow. a link between the two, perhaps?
this is bad. system test results have not yet been updated. the situation has been like this for the past many srm's. #topcoder
topcoder
quantal quetzal??? seriously?? this is going downhill since the last 2 releases.
stupid classmates spamming all over the facebook group.
irritating classmates. jobless people.
very tough topcoder matches lately. dunno what is going on. number of solvers has decreased a lot.
at least i solved a problem. but wait, let me see whether it passes system tests.
wasted &amp;gt;45 minutes on one &quot;+k&quot; bug in a tc srm!! :(
i want a bot that listens to ur problems, gives solutions, makes u feel happy once again. why? cos most people are epic fail at such things.
could not sleep for a very long time yday night and had horrible nightmares during the one hour that I slept. #fail
fail
it is amazing to know what extent people can go to, in trying to defend their ridiculous behavior.
power cut. lol.
looking into part of speech tagging now. strongly feel that this is the most important part of my project.
In the middle of the 7th hour of a 9 hour power cut now. Did I mention that it is 40&#176;C over here?
Honeycomb was an aberration. Android tablets never deserved it. ICS is so beautiful on my tablet! Its just perfect on screens of this size.
i do agree that oracle is being a patent troll. but what google did was plain foolish mismanagement.
don't u think that google is at fault? they took something that is free for personal use but used it for commercial purposes.
conclusion: i can't make a nandroid backup on my tab until i free up a lot of space.hmmm.
my reason why i am not buying a ticket to google i/o: second week of office at microsoft &amp;gt; google i/o
even though i qualified, i am not going to buy a ticket nor do i want to go to google I/O this time. http://t.co/tQ8SQCkw
very bad day for my project, so far.
not forgetting that argument and holding on to that memory is even worse.
my view on michael clarke changed immediately after the first wi vs aus test match. that guy is one awesome captain!
and the first one on that list would be aokp, of course.
tempted to begin trying out custom ROMs on my galaxy tab 10.1 as well.
damn. almost forgot that i have a few deadlines to meet, today.
oh well. i wouldn't be spending 900$ (plus more for travel and acco) to visit google i/o anyway.
i hate these power cuts. :(
lol at the mail discussion among iit-m profs.
wow. i thought my college admin is bad. iit madras admin seems to be worse.
the problem with my studying style is that i tend to start all over from the first, every time i sit down to study.
mokka authors. talking about black holes enveloping the earth and destroying all the data in a text book.
i hope there isn't a power cut at 9.15.
3 types of storage - volatile storage, nonvolatile storage and stable storage. #adbms
adbms
i think i will study for my exam tomorrow before working on my project again.
i have ended up writing a bit of ruby code and getting to know that i might have to learn a bit of perl and snowball as well!
this is going crazy. i thought i could do my project in java, python, c++ or some other language that i already knew.
you awake? one doubt in rts portions.
How much has wb actually improved under the new cm?
Of course, I was not referring to any elder sister of mine in the previous tweet.
Bratty, immature and just plain intolerant. #didi
didi
bored of reading already. guess i'll work on my project for a while now.
reading the output returned from a twitter api call now. so much data! makes me feel wow!
the twitter api kinda returns a comedy xml though. wonder why hastags have an extra &amp;lt;text&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/text&amp;gt; tags around them. hmmm...
random powercut. :(
can retrieve 3200 tweets using my ruby code now! #relieved
relieved
tc
i thought that at least round 1c would be easier. :( this is insanely hard!
exhausted! :( but i knew that this would happen.
thanks! :)
codeacademy is easily the best place to learn coding for beginners.
very important day tomorrow. google code jam and topcoder open round 1c.
your thoughts on the newly created Microsoft Open Technologies?
Sweet in mess today for Tamil new year http://t.co/JqE1L5rV
when will my wp7 ever come? :(
always felt that people who can paint are v interesting people. good job google. more of them will be known to the world now. #artproject
artproject
wondering what this google art project is.
ok.
even feels that my room feels stuffy and hot.
I woke up now and felt just the same. http://t.co/seseHn7S #feelingthesameasameme
feelingthesameasameme
Challenge accepted.
Trying out bubbly. This is kinda cool. Listen at: http://t.co/JRxpywSC
Wow! These prickly heat powders really do work! #summerheat
summerheat
Can tweeting about studies actually help in studying? #importantkoshchin
importantkoshchin
announced where? anyone from our wing?
Lol. Coin attracted to a magnetized tester spinning crazily in front of a table fan. http://t.co/UcJaB2Pn
i am going to change.
this is crazy. power is back. what is going on?
power cut again.
so, google+ has something that looks a timeline too.
the google+ plane never took off and it has burst into flames already.
lol. what happened to the interface at google+??
muhahaha. power back.
no water in cooler. dying of thirst and dehydration!
what the hell! power cut again! i dont want to live in this stupid place!
I just love the keys on my l lappy http://t.co/OTI28Ke5
Dear fan. Y U NOOO SPIN?  http://t.co/evQJ5aOH
outrageously funny!! http://t.co/8gYmVpWG
realized that some users do not want to believe that every piece of software runs on code.
Extremely dehydrated. :(
Friends doing what they usually do http://t.co/VCarFYWf
laptop low battery. i think i'll study something from my tab now.
LOL!
using my table fan again. yay!
successful project review. :) our hard work paid off. yay!
time is 10:07 am #uselesstweet
uselesstweet
i'm impressed with the content-price ratio though. #funbook
funbook
lol. this funbook pic shows IE as an app. but the fact is, there is no IE on android! http://t.co/9gDHYEpX
realized that it is always best to be neutral towards companies, platforms and all kinds of software. #onemightneverknowhowtheychange
onemightneverknowhowtheychange
after all, project is for 6 credits (=2 subjects) and each review is like a CT. better to focus on it now.
i think i will concentrate on my project for the next 2 hours and shut down my laptop before the power cut begins.
was looking into codeplex now. i think i'll rather wait for it to gather some momentum before hopping on to it.
now that i have decided to become google-neutral, i am now moving my codes from http://t.co/VxKtMI8w to github.
ok ok. :D
summa da. Leela, ht, ssk, msb and a few other profs had a meeting. That's all.
couldn't resist taking a pic of this conversation :D http://t.co/jFtLPfne
:D
My precious http://t.co/r0FgTbGl
Random window http://t.co/xqGFj8I8
wattabottle http://t.co/dlwljqZl
'Maad'ern college http://t.co/0Pre27NO
looking into powertop now.
having green font on a black background does not make one a 'hacker'.
some secret meeting of the 'rebel' profs going on. plz note.
damn. the ideapad yoga is priced at 1900$!! that is way too costly. :(
and that of course means that i can be on twitter as well. :P
trying to download ieee papers related to sentiment analysis from college lab wifi now.
Last 1.30 class ever!
fb should have produced an instagram rival last year itself. approx 30$ per user on instagram to buy it out.
That was a great session with my project team mates! Feeling confident about my project now. :)
u submitted?
when submission? Tuesday only, right?
yes da. :(
omg!!! completely forgot!! have a huge assignment to finish!!
kalaai max! :D http://t.co/hZiwvG91
waiting for lumia 900 to start trending on twitter.
all of us suppli then. :P
there. perfectly caps a horrible day. didn't get my windows phone today. missed most of csk match. couldn't study properly. flopped tc now.
solved the 250 extremely slowly! worst performance ever. no time to finish 500. #tc
tc
sadly, i slept off and missed round 1a.
topcoder open round 1b starting in a minute.
monday morning.
oh. ok ok. thanks da. what else news? when is project review? this thursday, friday?
ok. thanks. how were the ct questions?
what to study in rts and adbms? the portions discussed on the fb group?
need help about what to study and how to study.
machi. need help about ct da.
no idea da. came back yday night.
Cleant it in spite of my mom's protests. Works without a noise now. :) yay!
For so many months, my home pc used to whine and groan so loudly! Opened it, found that there was dust accumulated on the fan.
Dad singing http://t.co/yOrcVHOS
do blog abt it da. Want to do the same.
Chuck this stupid adv dbms subject. Going to switch to rts now.
If there was something that motivated me to study, it was the fact that my friends were studying too. Now that is also gone.
When everyone else was studying, i was enjoying. Now i have to study, when everyone else enjoys.
idlis are best eaten with the help of yoursporks. i just did. :)
Ranganathan http://t.co/uci2ExoY
i frankly don't see the point in dancing. i came here for food. please stop dancing people, so that they van serve us food.
they can force me to the dance floor but they can't make me dance.
can feel the whole place resonate due to this extremely loud music!!! mavane! i am going deaf!
won a Microsoft bottle. yay!
with the new t shirt that i received http://t.co/OioOzmQI
Just posted a photo http://t.co/x9aKO6vK
at Hyderabad. for Microsoft new hires day.
Hotel Tara http://t.co/vA5n1Js7
Just posted a photo http://t.co/gShkjTtP
Just posted a photo http://t.co/NO5KTYQ2
Just posted a photo http://t.co/iHmqVbEj
First http://t.co/kz1FfgzF
instagram for android!
Hyderabad airport is beautiful!
hmmm. i might be working on visual studio. i might even get what i want, too. get to work on windows phone, perhaps?
in airport waiting for ranga.
Ct 2 over!! :D for me, at least. ;)
thanks da.
need notes for central bank da. can u take photo and upload?
Google's Apr1 pranks sound so mokkai.
why?
my class rep is an idiot.
galaxy ace.
damn! forgot about today's topcoder match and slept off in the evening! remembered only now!
apps related to carnatic music. nothing much actually.
damn. i sat down to read about text mining and ended up making a rage comic!
great that the guys at http://t.co/xp3gl9J4 replied. their reference links would be useful for my project. :)
hmmm. what do i do now?
Back to omega. But its v3 now. Blazing speed... :)
Every single fourth year boy must have come to the mess for evening snacks today!! What is happening??
Raining suddenly like a big storm here!!
Missing my phone camera. Moving to omegav3 from cm9.
totally love this!
this was just waiting to happen. regionalism on twitter.
it doesn't?? :D
got my flight tickets to attend new hires day. :) #microsoft
microsoft
and i think the best reflection of that transformation is metro.
microsoft is surely transforming.
i hope that i get a lumia 900 when i join office! :D
hmmm.
rapidminer is awesome!
not bad. i am working on my project without getting distraced by twi... OOPS!
was so happy that i was working on my project properly from today. saw that my prof had already mailed me yday asking abt my progress!
not yet. will be receiving a htc surround very shortly. most probably would be getting one when i join office too.
Nice! Windows Phone was not supposed to get LTE support  till Apollo. http://t.co/ERwI0c76
ah ha! look at this. http://t.co/FerRJQNL
this is strange. i didn't unfollow anyone recently but when i go visit a few people's profile, it says that i don't follow them anymore.
i used to loathe power cuts when i was a kid. i don't even know what term to use to describe my feelings for them now.
cyan!
Lumia 900!!
6 signs Microsoft has got its mojo&#160;back http://t.co/l7zhhKrq
reading a paper titled as &quot;Towards Linux as a Real Time Hypervisor&quot;. interesting.
Temple run is finally here on android!
or even view it on your pillow cover! :)
realized the same thing last week.
of course, i'd be getting it for free from microsoft india as part of that &quot;i unlock joy campaign&quot; for developing 4 windows phone apps.
it might not be the latest wp but am still eagerly waiting for my htc surround as it would be my first #windowsphone experience!
windowsphone
dunno da.
dunno what will be done.
ind eco only. he seems to be as lazy as me. :D
ranga. :P
at least i don't look sincere. :P
just realized that some people are not as sincere as they seem to be. #assignmentteammate
assignmentteammate
ah. the moment i close twitter, the attachment starts getting uploaded properly.
hotmail doesn't seem to be very good in handling attachments. this is so frustrating!
wow. http://t.co/Cb7U5SA1 has improved its website a little. looks more pleasant now.
Adithya from comp sci. was known as &quot;Mess&quot;.
doubtful. am a final year at NIT-T right now. got the news from my bro who was 3 years senior to me here at NITT. disturbing news.
u from NIT-T?
running ICS on my phone! can't believe it!!
finally!!
hmmm. seem to be stuck on the start screen.
wow! the starting animation rocks!!
whew. installed successfully.
60% over. system being installed right now.
flashing cm9 beta5 on my galaxy ace now. hopefully everything should go fine.
the team behind interviewstreet seems to be  doing a wonderful job! can feel interviewstreet's presence almost everywhere now!
and the best part? my rating was as low as 625 at one point of time! :D feels good now.
yay! my rating crossed 1000 in #topcoder at last!
topcoder
166th in div2. hmmm. i should have still solved that 300 pt problem correctly. not good. scope for a lot of improvement. #topcoder
topcoder
Am finally able to retrieve tweets using twitter4j. More hopeful about my project now.
true that.
damn. cant even update my twitter app settings at http://t.co/vzLIMiUm. keeps saying that Twitter is over capacity.
trying out clementine now.
hilarious! Gizmodo: &quot;we gave people an ipad 2, told them it was the new ipad and they loved it&quot; http://t.co/MPD9xhMd
http://t.co/JxN4K4pE posting your question here might help.
Intel is going to insane levels to popularize its ultrabooks! Aweome video! Social experiment, it seems. http://t.co/nVX2V0uE
both. :)
i wasn't surprised by the climax but what happens in the middle of the book.
the secret of the nagas is a good book. of course, not good as a stand-alone book but along with the immortals of meluha.
missed today's topcoder srm because the rooms were full before i could register.
Power cut in hostels. Bed bugs even in AC bus, on the way home. Rotten life.
quality of cricinfo has just plummeted.
&quot;it was destined that SRT wud get his 100th century against &amp;amp; in the country where he had equalled Gavaskar's then-record 34 Test centuries&quot;
Cheap cricinfo. I bet hey would have written &quot;it was destiny&quot; if Sachin had hit the 100th at any time in any place.
@unreachableHost
why would people unfollow anyway?
omg! I think I clicked unfollow by accident! I would never unfollow u on purpose da. sorry buddy.
hosted at http://t.co/cDSeMaLy
source code?
please don't retweet this.
trying to use twitter4j now.
lol. those guys have used the same BGM in their promo trailer as my coll guys did, for pragyan. #copy
copy
kuruksastra?? seriously, what kind of a name is that?
sure! :)
back to reading about my project.
omg. i totally forgot to let twitterverse know about my new android app. here it is. Bunk Score. https://t.co/AmqBZ5S3..
Things seem to be changing at Google. http://t.co/Z1Aw9Ey1
there. topped up using freecharge.
not from this semester.
feeling very sleepy.
lol.
its 4.30! yay! running off to mess. #thathungry
thathungry
naanga nambuvom. avanga nambuvaangalaa? :P
lol.
as a student developer, i honestly think that developing for windows phone is much easier than developing for android.
will give myself an hour to finish this app.
hmmm.
hungry. :-/
dunno. not very clear about what the msg exactly means.
dunno. not very clear about the msg exactly means.
my previous tweet is the msg i got from airtel. shortened to fit within 140 chars, of course.
Ur Twitter on USSD wil b renewed in nxt 3 days n u'll be charged Rs5 for 5 days from ur airtel mobile account. To unsubscribe, dial *515*22#
wth! has airtel decided to charge users for using twitter through sms?? 5 Rs for 5 days??
i wonder where i misplaced my data cable for my phone.
first, got to finish that bunk score app.
:)
i found most ebooks too difficult to start with. i started with those tutorials at http://t.co/LBq5LZyW.
that beard gave him that thalaivar status. #baasha
baasha
it is time i admit on twitter that i have watched #baasha only once ever in my life. thalaivare, please forgive me.
baasha
no. :(
twitter, Y U NO showing #basha as a trending tag??
basha
programming isn't just a skill. its a way of thinking.
nope. not at all.
don't worry. use the right earphones. *trollface* :D
#CLT Sitapathe by Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer
CLT
one simply doesn't wish chuck norris belated birthday wishes.
72 years ago, Chuck Norris decided to let humanity know his presence.
true.
:P
been using that list for almost a year now. :)
i don't even know why i typed the above tweet. am very jobless, i guess.
cow and dog fighting near the dustbin near the mess. visible from room.
maate maladwaja in khamas ranks as one of my favorite songs of all time.
so what shall we do about the tweetup? what shall we discuss about?
check this out. https://t.co/JF5UZBLj
will let those guys know. :P
why so? why not a different model?
hmmm. looking into twitter4j now.
i hate it when klout makes me tweet stupid things to enable me to complete quests.
According to @klout, my Klout score is 51. How influential are you? http://t.co/ZETS90eO
first step. data retrieval. get me those tweets, i say.
will get started on my project now.
still waiting for my new windows phone 7 device. hope i get it at least by the end of this month.
running ubuntu, win 7 and win 8 consumer preview successfully on my laptop now. #tripleboot
tripleboot
this Boot-Repair script suggested in the Ubuntu FAQ is amazing! recovering my ubuntu grub became a breeze after installing it.
This is new to me. Never knew that power goes at 4.30 am as well. #sleeplessnight
sleeplessnight
900 kbps. good.
so what's the plan?
great! my blog http://t.co/45cyhq7N reached 15,000 views! :)
&quot;So dude, what's the new iPad called?&quot; &quot;...&quot;
Lol. I bet no blogger or tech mag guessed this name. The new iPad, it is.
The fact that there is a bias against giving respect to female people in the Hindi language speaks volumes about the people who created it.
many bugs fixed. new features added. i heard that something like more than 100,000 changes were brought about in the code.
honest suggestion. don't join my college. we are having &amp;gt;10 hours of powercut daily from this semester.
AIR 1100. Tamilnadu state 28.
NIT Trichy.
nice. :)
21. you?
i wanted to upgrade that windows 8 developer preview in my third partition to consumer preview. forgot. will do it tomo.
@Aarthi_2410, your Klout Score is decent (I'm a 51). Check out your profile today! http://t.co/DP3WPElP
I just completed the Connect all networks quest on Join me:  http://t.co/LjHpRIDg
would've retweeted that if not for the expletive. relatives following on twitter. :D
apple innovates. samsung copies. developers make it better. consumers benefit.
in brand power? surely! :)
if people researched, they would go for the one with the better config. but they don't research.
all those depend on the trust of people on apple. they dont research about products much.
i strongly feel that companies keep releasing products. so the &quot;Best Product&quot; title shifts back n forth. natural. :)
the original tab is nothing short of disgusting. the 10.1 is really good. maybe the ipad HD will trump galaxy tab 2 10.1.
exactly my point. love for steve jobs, worshippers and fanboys of apple. remove them n its a good product. not the best.
my grandpa owns an ipad2 &amp; my cousin owns an ipad.i like android as an OS. but the lack of updates from samsung? i hate.
product brand, advertising and fan following contribute to sales. if u compare them feature by feature, d 10.1 is better.
as long as there are communities away from the control of manufacturers and google, i am happy with android. :)
i don't particularly hate apple. just that my wants aren't exactly oriented with the devices that they make. :)
one need not even root an android phone to customize the looks of the OS.
i know about jailbreaking but android, by default provides thousands of launchers and apps to substitute system apps.
i chucked that slow, laggy ROM on my android device and installed a custom ROM. better speed, battery life, etc.
it is very smooth. trust me. i love apple for its innovation. but i feel other platforms provide more control for the user.
i feel customization trumps everything else. android allows a lot of customization. iOS doesn't.
i have loved the look n feel of mac os x. but i could make my ubuntu completely look like that. #customization
customization
s2 is light in weight. some ppl like the plastic feel n some dont. the bigger screen is awesome too!
Galaxy Tab 10.1 vs ipad 2. i have used both n felt the tab 10.1 was better. it has better camera too.
brand building? Yes. But best product? no. Samsung beats apple there.
Samsung is crazy. Launching so many Android phones. No brand building at all.
Google doesn't care about users with slow internet connection. Market/Play n Google+ are perfect examples.
WHY THE HELL IS THE MOBILE VERSION OF THE HINDU WEBSITE DISPLAYING FULL PAGE POP UP ADS???
Although i don't like siegler, this article is good. RT @TechCrunch: The iPad HD Sucks* http://t.co/ZDM8wyUl by @parislemon
Wow! RT @engadget: Nokia Lumia 800 update reportedly triples battery life http://t.co/h2KrVle4
If only students spent half their time of watching movies and taking photos of themselves, in writing programs...
Realized that I tweet more during class hours than my free hours.
Google play??
remember discussing this? someone already has done this. http://t.co/Ad4E45UH
Good to hear that Congress is performing poorly everywhere. :)
and with that adapter, i am able to connect my USB keyboard to my tab and tweet, just like the last tweet and this one too! :)
how could i be so careless? found an USB adapter for my galaxy tab 750 in the box that it came with, while searching for something else now!
key lime pie sounds worse than precise pangolin! what's with the ridiculous version names everywhere??
u should see their fb profile pics. @unreachableHost
we should. but i think we dunno how to get it. just feel that some1 should point out how we go abt doing it.
whom r we against? it's not that some1 is holding on to our power n not giving it to us.
i didnt buy it. The wifi-only model was released in india today.
Slept almost the whole day n feeling very groggy now.
it's just a wifi model. yeah. sad at that price.
the asus transformer prime android tablet.
Wait. So the transformer prime in India doesn't have 3g support? That's epic fail at that price!
I think I'll sleep again. Too tired to go have lunch.
Luckily, I didn't wait for it and got a Galaxy Tab 750.
Omg! Just woke up to the news that the transformer prime is coming to India for a ridiculous price of 50k! Who will even buy that??
hey, can i join u for ind eco assignment?
So hot here in college!
No balance, no signal for internet connection, no electricity, extremely hot weather! This is horrible!
Love the ASUS padfone video. Great to see how the industry is moving.
Hindi classes at last.
When will I get to drive???
Omg! In the middle of a hilarious adventure right now!
:P RT @localteaparty: Match interestingly poised
Driving test gonna start.
thank you! :)
The day has finally come. Driving test day. :)
Yay. Am a full-fledged XDA member now. Reached 10 posts. :)
Yay. Won a TopCoder T-shirt. :)
khamas is one raagam which i'll never stop loving. reminds me of my childhood, learning music from my mother and grandmother.
power back.
LOL! @localteaparty
What a Year&#8211;XDA Portal Turns Two! http://t.co/31HYz3dE via @xdadevelopers
read your mail now. shocked to know! some of us were not organizing this year. I hope the organizers respond properly.
thought so! :D what about YOU? ;)
it is 'laugh' in tamil. :D
even the blank slides? :P
Omg. Even after being told that Gayle's slides are available online, my friend was able to point out a girl who was taking notes down!
This is unexpected. Gayle Laakman's lecture is boring.
Everyone here at #pragyan enjoying Mike Brown's video conference. @plutokiller
pragyan
Mike Brown has a fitting twitter id. @plutokiller
Wow! Narendra Nayak is ripping into Sai Baba, Amrita lady, Sri Sri Ravishankar and Baba Ramdev in #pragyan!
pragyan
all of us here in Pragyan are enjoying hearing u talk. :)
Getting to know more about the favorite person I eagerly watch on TV! @xercyn
Having a wonderful video conference with (Jeff Lieberman) at #pragyan!
pragyan
Awesome time lapse videos being shown in Pragyan!
Tweetcaster for android tablets is super-awesome!
Stupid team at info desk. Announcing wrong timings for events. #pragyan
pragyan
tweetcaster pro is my favorite!
geeklist is really awesome. must start using it properly from now on.
the way my distractions have moved. reddit-&amp;gt;twitter-&amp;gt;xda-developers.
:D
I got placed before I applied to start a GTUG. :P simply involving myself in tech stuff as much as I can. :-)
yes. in last July. thanks! :-)
finally! after nearly 7 months of waiting for that mail from Microsoft, got it today, at last! :D
heard that cm7 doesnt support ace properly.
awesome speed da.
running a custom ROM on my phone for the first time! and its the super-fast OmegaRomv2 for the Galaxy ACE! thank you @CooperROMs!
Sweet, and are giving away 4 Galaxy Nexuses and 4 Transformer Primes. Wish me luck! http://t.co/jH848zeM
the extent to which people would go to promote their college fests!! some guys are adding their fest's name to their facebook name!
wanted to ask you this for a long time. was the pragyan promo trailer your effort? brilliant da!
to think that i might be able to be calm and enjoy life after my cycle tests. this is much more hectic than i thought!
hectic day! no sleep at all. :(
i hope this doesn't turn out to be a 'taking the horse to the water' story. must wait and watch.
some random hindi actor/director who makes a fool of him on twitter. @unreachableHost
lol! :D
was planning to do it yday night in the bus, but i was so tired preparing for the cycle tests that i dozed off.
finished updating necessary stuff right now for the android dev camp of NITT GTUG chapter.
good morning tweeps! hectic day ahead!
Galaxy Tab 10.1!!
I just unlocked the &quot;Bender&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/pHiftufC
I just unlocked the &quot;Campus Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/lgaxkLkR
I just became the mayor of Mechanical department on @foursquare! http://t.co/yoXHgeAo
I just unlocked the &quot;Crunked&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/FpA0NN4Q
I just unlocked the &quot;Overshare&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/0Xnkbxdl
Trying Vlingo for twitter.
I am a noob when it comes to custom ROMs. What does the latest blogpost on cm9 actually mean? How do I compile cm9 for my galaxy tab 10.1?
I just unlocked the &quot;Super User&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/a0GV72Nh
I just became the mayor of Pearl hostel on @foursquare! http://t.co/YTRJXqLG
I just unlocked the &quot;Local&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/nV1ruwBE
I just unlocked the &quot;School Night&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/D0p4azov
Omg! What an unexpected adventure! Back home at last.
Back home. That was one of the most decent journeys I had, in a long time. #nobedbugs
nobedbugs
And the protagonist of the series surely resembles my uncle.
My favorite character from the series? The janitor!
And this scrubs series gave me a great insight into their lives! Loved it.
I wonder how medicos become who they are. They are awesome!
ac bus.
I just hope I don't get a fever.
There is only one person in this whole wide world who will never hurt u. And that's yourself.
Yay! Jadeja namakke!
This is so comfortable! Studying in college library with my tablet connected to the internet using college wifi.
I just unlocked the &quot;Bookworm&quot; badge on @foursquare! Long live print! http://t.co/H56nJVp0
I just unlocked the &quot;Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/X5lkXFJa
I'm at Mega Mess 2 w/ http://t.co/rmZl1JNR
how?
No power. No water. Waiting to get away from this place.
dei. Its not an elective for us da.
http://t.co/6LtUzhwM throwing Missing X-TransactionID header error.
Why should a comp sci engineer know about all this industrial economics nonsense??
Dear prof, is it ok if I stop writing notes n start tweeting about it instead?
Bunked the first class today to spend time writing code. :-P
And the best part was when one random student came up n told that I drove nicely.
Yay! Done. Drove from BHEL to mech dept in coll. :-)
lol. Within the college campus. Talking about these mad trichy roads now.
Should hopefully get a chance to drive on the road today. :-)
That's it. Enough working on that app for today.
My previous tweet shows how headlines can be so misleading.
Meet Bill Gates, the Man Who Changed Open Source Software | Wired Enterprise | http://t.co/9yM9sACl http://t.co/a9bUjsnA
what exactly goes in those chinese facilities: http://t.co/vPVY7ePw
apple is so disgustingly evil that they don't mind inhuman conditions of workers in china assembling apple products.
oh my god! #3wordstories
3wordstories
take care da. btw, i personally use those himalaya's septillin in case of throat infection. v effective for me.
what happened da?
from now on, i promise to make a conscious effort to not loathe anyone, fight with anyone or hold grudges against anyone.
Got a new watch n flute! Yay!
that's it. i have decided to concentrate more on my project from now on.
Indha pic badgeukku onnum korachal illai.
i wish ravi shankar sir was here on twitter.
Lol. Comedy pasanga. Spelling mistakes on such a poster.
damn. this means that i can't write android apps until i get back to college. #everythingbroken #needtoupdateeclipse
everythingbroken
needtoupdateeclipse
fletcher must go.
oh. ok ok. thanks. :)
done. :) thanks.
doubt. what is #CLT?
CLT
Back home safely, at last.
Omg! They are finally here!.bedbugs!
Phew! Got out of the traffic jam after nearly an hour!
So much traffic near the toll gate that they are sending off all vehicles w/o collecting any toll, to clear the traffic quickly!
read toi.
That news about the mad bus driver? It will henceforth be referred to as Swargate-gate.
Oooh. RT @TimMoore: Larry Page To Googlers: If You Don't Like 'Search Plus Your World,' Hit The Road (GOOG) http://t.co/Ya0dPzjH
still in the bus. :D
Changed my place once again.
doesn't seemto be.
Omg. He is sitting next to me again and is trying to start a conversation with me now!
Can't switch on gprs to risk draining out my battery completely. Only twitter SMS can keep me awake now.
One thing is sure. I won't be able to sleep with this suspicious character around.
I changed my seat back to the front. Let's see what happens now.
After a while,this guy comes n sits in a diagonally front seat. N starts glancing behind to see what I am upto.
After a while, I said that i am going back n went n sat at the back.
He came and sat down next to me when the almost all rows behind us were empty.
He took some ticket for 120 only which means he'll get down somewhere on the way to Chennai.
Fishy looking character in the bus.
As usual, my phone's battery drains at the start of my journey.
Off to Chennai. Hope to have a safe journey.
These power cuts should be banned.
Tweaking my galaxy ace to look more n more like a wp7 phone. Love it!
This industrial economics class is a waste of our time.
Glad that my teammates accepted my project idea. Hopefully everything should go on smoothly.
Glad that I rooted my phone. Removed some useless apps today.
Awesome lady's fingers in mess today!
Hmmm. I thought I'd want to take a break today. But no. I think I'll go n code now.
need something to drink. parched!
successfully submitted my 3rd and 4th wp7 app today. should wait and see whether they are certified or not.
could not upload as much details as i wanted. shortened it and submitted. too exhausted to complete it fully now.
4 over so far, 150 remaining. Need to speed up.
Here goes, the countdown begins from 154 now.
So, that's decided then. Retiring from college gully cricket as well. No proper ball, no proper rules. Too random for my liking.
After what seems like an eternity, finally got the app ready. Submitted now. Hopefully should get successfully certified.
6 left.
Should ensure I go to sleep properly in the night n not doze off abruptly, like yday.
Hmmm. &quot;Google's earnings disappoint&quot; while &quot;Microsoft's quarterly profits exceeds expectations&quot;? Sign of changing times?
More importantly, I need breakfast.
9 left. I need a break.
7 out of 18.
6 out of 18 done.
Omg! This coffee tastes terrible!! Feel like puking!
Freezing cold outside! According to trichy standards, of course.
Sigh. Finished only 5 out of 18, so far.
Off to driving class now. First day. :-)
Whew. Procedures over. Off to college now.
Waiting in rto office now. Gotta wait till 12 for power to come back, it seems.
at NIT Trichy, my college. Has never been so cold here, before.
Damn. Both, gprs balance n talktime balance out. Must top up today.
hmmm. need more ideas...
should start work on my final sem project soon.
Damn. Tubelight gone in my room.
Can't believe that its so cold here in the campus!
this just took less that &amp;lt;60 seconds. #rootinggalaxyace
rootinggalaxyace
damn! am on a 7 match losing streak. life sucks! #chess
chess
At 35th Chennai book fair now. Wondering how my mom convinced me to come here.
true. but depends on whom u watch along with.
feel like punching myself in the face!
liked ur article in Business Insider on why windows phone will be a success.
a close family friend died in a road accident. he must be only 29-30 years old. got a wife and a daughter.
a few things. voter id card, college id card, atm card and some cash.
i thought yday was terrible. today seems worse.
new day, new beginning.
One hell of a night. Tortured by bedbugs for the past few hours.
yeah. :-(
Disastrous ending to a lousy day. Got pickpocketed in local bus!!
And here it is. Carnatic Quiz app for Windows phone users. http://t.co/Cy6sv0XC
opera seems to be crashing frequently for me. need some other browser that can support slow net connections properly.
that carnatic quiz app has been successfully certified. waiting for it to become active in the windows phone marketplace.
hello twitter. am back.
Library is v nice. Best way to spend an afternoon.
brought my spectacle case to coll only to find that my spectacles aren't inside. left it at home. :(
my fate is sealed. going for two tech electives.
Damn. All the good electives are getting canceled. None of my friend seem to be taking the same choice of electives as myself, too.
ok. :)
sure. do I ask them to contact through twitter?
this summer. am placed in microsoft on-campus, actually. would be interested in an internship.
sorry. saw ur tweet only now. college re-opening tomorrow. so, leaving tonight. can i know more?
most importantly, i want to become more consistent in coding.
enough resolutions about my food intake and health. have taken a few about coding now as well.
some ppl don't deserve even a little help. because they'll stab u in the back, anyway.
Expected. Got terribly low grades in the two most randomly corrected subjects. Stupid correction.
irritated.
i don't understand. shouldn't a company that helps other companies in their hiring process follow the same hiring process??
v nice dp da! :)
too many tutorials available for developing windows phone 7 apps. finding it difficult to choose the best among them.
kutcheri buzz published a small text on my Android app in yday's issue! http://t.co/uVTqrgTo  via http://t.co/DE4Akmwl
today WILL be an eventful day for me. so, i don't think its a new year yet. i want to enjoy this day too.
i dont understand. many ppl dont seem to think that december has 31 days. #newyearwishes
newyearwishes
good morning tweeps.
not yet da. waiting for gokul.
why isn't any1 posting the actual results on facebook??
frustrating! more than 8 hours spent on this stupid thing! i give up!
something similar da. but its pretty stupid.
wth! downloaded 78.6 MB out of 100 odd and it just froze!! next download available only after half an hour.
sometimes ur best intentions are misunderstood.
damn it. cook didn't turn up today. no proper tiffin. can't go out and buy too, due to this hell of a downpour!
stupid windows! doesn't even allow me to change file permissions properly.
sutham. rooting is going to take at least 3 days with this net speed.
i think tonight will be the night when i root my phone. i think it'll take more than tonight to download the necessary files though.
+8. was worth the wait after all. :P
that means my rank is somewhere around 380. oh well.
damn! it seems i flopped my 500pt solution!
that just means i would have to stay awake for a longer time now.
&quot;System test results will be delayed. We'll try to announce them as soon as possible. We apologize for technical problems.&quot; #topcoder
topcoder
lol. this &quot;Value Pack&quot; for Gal S and Tab, 'sounds' silly, although it might be really good.
one thing is for sure. if my rating goes above 1000 today, i'll do a night out. :D
hmmm. tourist seems to be the #1 today, as of now. of course, could Petr be far behind? he's on #2 now.
will do it TRS style. announce my rank on twitter if it is decent. otherwise go to sleep silently. :P
hope i got those 2 problems right.
time for system tests! bring it on! :P
waiting for the challenge phase to start.
hmmm. just one guy submitted a solution for the 1000pt problem in my room.
8 minutes left. oh well. i give up. will learn from the editorial after the contest.
frustrating...
i can never solve these 1000pt problems until i practise more.
hmmm. the next few months will decide whether i want to keep my fb account or not.
almost forgot. topcoder match at 9.30 tonight.
Tab updated to 3.2. Naice. :-)
50% now.
49% of installation done. :-)
Downloaded 3.2 honeycomb update. Updating device now. :-)
3.2 honeycomb update available for my tab! :)
cool. got a pinterest account now. going to try it now.
Hmmm. Time to sit n learn c#.
oh nice. when is ur date of joining?
same for airtel.
Opened cricinfo, clicked live scorecard, first thing I see is: Tendulkar OUT! Lol.
so, where is ur posting? Chennai? Any extra news? Which team?
cool. connectify works perfectly. @connectifyme
tendulkar &amp; dravid: 49th partnership of 50 or more in Tests.
hussey seems to be troubling the batsmen.
hmmm. no century in this test match so far.
poda hilfenaus. not out.
lol. now i see posts ranting abt the kindle fire. lol again.
the most common reply why ppl don't adapt to a new platform: &quot;others aren't on it&quot;. #linux #g+ #wp7
linux
g
wp7
dropped thrice?
&quot;just because others do it&quot; would be the lamest reason of all time.
no. i never backed up all phone contacts to gmail da.
yeah! still haven't finished deleting contacts starting with 'A'!!
realized that i had synced my google+ contacts along with their profile images to my android phone. that explains y phone memory got full.
yay! shifted old photos from mob to comp and freed 700mb on sd card.
paruppu saadham at pathu mani pm.
dei! its super awesome da!
wow! congrats da!! kalakku!!
damn! sadly yes.
expecting a dravid, sachin and a ponting century. come on!
nice one!
does anyone else think that the galaxy y ad looks stupid? #overacting
overacting
Created my own Android app and launched it on the market. http://t.co/FZQht9QE
true. its too early.
that must be the second time today that ponting lost his balance after playing a shot.
don't u think he is struggling against those balls outside the off-stump? he might edge them any time.
if is awake at odd hours in the morning, go check ur tv. there must be an awesome cricket test series going on!
ponting plays football to keep the ball away from the stumps.
all australian batsmen struggling against bouncers.
umesh strikes again! marsh goes for a duck!
Warner gone!
Yay. Covers are off once again.
I just watched one ball! Damn! Rains.
thanks! :)
for those who missed this tweet earlier: to all carnatic music fans who own an android, i present you this. http://t.co/RaIEv4qq
I still love how dickens portrayed scrooge.
Today is christmas? Bah! Humbug.
about right time too. power cut now.
should keep improvising it.
there it is! finally on the app market. available for download. https://t.co/ldgwSGrQ
typed 100+ questions and answers for the app! fingers paining. must take a break.
i just left my seat once to drink water. must've been 5-6 hours of continuous work from today morning.
it is undeniably a mokka app as of now. but at least, the first version is ready.
have never worked this hard in my life! the first version of my app is ready. learning how to sign and upload in the market.
what a terrible start to the day!
lol. will surely get to know tomorrow then. :) good night.
ok. :) btw, i follow ur tweets regularly but do not know ur real name. can i know now? :D
great! am attending ganesh-kumaresh concert at 5.30 am tomo in panchamuga anjaneyar temple in mylapore. will be in academy at 8. :)
i would like to meet u tweeps interested in carnatic music. am one too. saw ur timeline n realized that there seem to be many of u.
u were there? i thought amrit's lec-dem was good too.
why the hell am i so inconsistent in coding?!!
ganesh-kumaresh concert in that anjaneyar temple tomo morning at 5.30! yay! i remember how wonderful it was last time!
awake at last!
so, here i am, beginning work on my final year project.
as said brilliantly by my friend, when u don't know what to do next, do the job that u will have to do for sure, anyway.
update for my rapidminer tool? u must be kidding! i downloaded it this morning!
Both lec dems were awesome today! Totally worth skipping today's srm.
Never did I know that Umayalpuram Sivaraman could be so witty while speaking!
&quot;Every rhythm has a counter rhythm.&quot; - Trichy shankaran. #ethirnadai
ethirnadai
Not because I follow the thanjavur style of playing, but I personally don't like how the palani style sounds. #mirudangam
mirudangam
had to choose between today's tc match or the lec-dem on &quot;Sri. Harishankar style of khanjira playing&quot; by Sri. Amrit. chose the latter.
i don't like it at all when more than one interesting event happens at the same time.
hmmm. realized that i might not be able to attend today's tc srm. sigh.
good morning tweeps.
del. Google for the apk file. Problem solved. :P
checking out the google currents app now.
first time i see so many of my friends talk abt something related to google+, after the first week. #schemer
schemer
check HK's fb post.
ask da.
woah! when did this release? never knew about this.
my grandma's feedback after listening to kola veri: &quot;dhanush has sung well. he has maintained shruthi properly.&quot;
i wonder why ppl like foursquare. hmmm.
back to using macbuntu.
sigh. still haven't found an driver update that fixes my touchpad on windows. i don't want to resort using a mouse.
Removed my mobile cover n been like that for the past one week. This feels much better.
sony pix must be having some deal with the producers of the Resident Evil series. daily some movie from that series.
but that is more related to ppl involved in a medical profession. i think i'll go ahead with my idea.
a brilliant idea struck me. when i googled abt it, sadly someone had beat me to it. it is this. http://t.co/3w46Sybc
this is the article that i am reading now. really well written! http://t.co/PY8Z44Xj
TIL abt docblocks. nice. :)
going to spend time today on stackoverflow.
Preparing for carnatic music quizzes now. Any suggestions?
omg! never knew that there was a windows phone camp in chennai today. could've learnt something.
RIM stopped innovating over the past few years.
brand value can't stand forever. apple regularly released new innovations over the last decade. RIM didn't.
of course, there is this ubislate thingy but it doesn't even satisfy some basic requirements.
i repeat. kindle fire isn't THE android tablet. its the poor man's tablet.
Playing the khanjira would surely improve my mirudangam playing.
Started playing the khanjira again. So much fun!
Wth! Four 29c passed but not a single 27d!
Second time I'm seeing her!
Jayalalitha in a convoy!
Maayamma ninne now.
As brilliant as ever! Trichur brothers in music academy singing awesomely!
there should be an #IdiotKiranBedi trending tag.
IdiotKiranBedi
whew. xda-developers is back.
Had an awesome day today!
wth airtel! losing money at regular intervals when i am not even using my phone! no call, sms or gprs.
wow! finishing off long pending problems on spoj at a decent rate. happening only after i began to realize that coding is fun.
accepted now. :) potuko!
lol. yeah.
remember that CSTREET problem? there is a price per unit length input parameter called p da. lol.
slept for only 4 hours, walked around for 2 hours n ppl at home are getting angry that i'm not coming along with them to a lec dem now!
Outside kapaleeshwarar temple now. Waiting for our bhajan troupe to start.
+32 :-)
that should have been a flopcoder match as i slept off in the middle of the srm. cant stay awake for even a sec more. good night tweeps.
topcoder first. twitter later.
dad askin for android phone suggestions. does tat mean tat its time to get a new one for myself n hand over the one i have right now,to dad?
bro stopped changing channels n paused on  'oda oda oda thooram puriyala' song. patti asking whether this is the kolaveri song.
lol. every1 in my family getting more and more 'youth' and 'dude-like' these days.
parents and grandparents praising will smith's acting.
omg. almost forgot. topcoder srm tonight.
some ppl are so talented that they are awesome at everything that they play around with. #amazed
amazed
just realized that an android device is more useful for creative people than nerds like me.
nice app discovered by my friend. rangoli kolam on android. https://t.co/Tpb8LTUy..
now is the time i get over my laziness and do something important!
off to music academy canteen with harimanjunathan.
student. or student at nit-t.
one of my classmate's linked-in intro reads - head of some pragyan event. is that how one introduces themselves to others? find it strange.
reminded of the da vinci code where the thatha says that everyone is entitled to hold their secrets.
RMS is the Karl Marx of the software industry.
the free software philosophy would have died if it not were for torvald's outstanding work.
but it should entirely be the choice of the programmer or the organization.
of course, software can continue to be commercially available too.
just as every1 is encouraged to do social service, every programmer must be encouraged to contribute to open source.
reading a biography on stallman. feel that the open source ideology is more like socialism.
Damn! Forgot to update my gprs pack.
Listening to Bombay sisters at music academy main hall now.
Insane crowd for t.n.krishnan's lec-dem at music academy mini hall! No place to even stand!
another useless day.
hmmm. this twitter 'discover' feature is exactly what i had in mind for my project. gotta think of a new one now.
how much ever hard i try, some things can never be done.
invading other countries, SOPA, tasering, pepper spraying. what next america?
at the end of the day, i'd rather live in a stupid country that i know than live in a stupid country that i don't know.
idiot american congressmen. they seem to be worse than our politicians.
i could also stop tweeting and start working.
i could write some wp7 apps. might help understanding a few unknown stuff. #c#
c
i could build write a few android apps. or spend time on improving the wordpress android app too.
i could start my btech final project. got to read more papers abt data mining tweets, as my proj is related to it! ;)
i could start my preparation for code jam. spoj, codechef and topcoder beckon.
now that there is no answer to &quot;what should i do?&quot;, its time to answer &quot;what can i do?&quot;.
i want to attend a few lecture demonstrations in the morning today.
wouldn't mind if BB is replaced by wp in the 3rd spot.
glad that the trip went without any problems. whew!
back home at last! :)
Cool. Update for my galaxy tab 10.1.
full freedom. v encouraging.
wow! my prof is super cool! :)
Stupid powercut. Need to stay in the dark for the next 45 min or leave. I'll stay.
damn. just wait for a few months n u get a smartphone with similar features but for half the price. #galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
Stupid powercut!
At kulithalai station now. Which means trichy junction is next. :-)
Whew! Reached station safely, one hour before my train departs.
Yay! Signal, at last!
signal at least now!
Reached munnar safely.
thanks to twitter, I am able to update my close ones with what I am doing.
hope to have a safe trip.
luckily, abhishek bachchan doesn't see my tweets.
r we going to kochi or directly to munnar? no idea.
the bus starts at last.
typical. arbit stranger sitting next to me in bus.
yeppa, please start our bus. Unbearably hot in here.
That same feeling after I wrote jee n after I got placed. &quot;What do I do from now on?&quot;
and finally, the big day is here. acm icpc amritapuri regionals 2011 contest in a few hours. #amicpc
amicpc
off to the beach, at last, after so much waiting. #amicpc
amicpc
all tweets tagged with #amicpc being displayed here. hmmm.
amicpc
Registering for munnar trip now. #amicpc
amicpc
Practice contest n lunch done. :) #amicpc
amicpc
not with battery life. but with battery sensors, yes.
At kayankulam at last.
nice weather here. :-)
heard that the battery indicator in unrooted android phones doesn't work properly. should root mine soon.
hmmm. all sabarimala devotees getting down here.
at chengannur station now. kayankulam would be next.
yay. able to charge my phone, at last.
dammit. roaming charges for incoming calls. should remember that.
oops. forgot that battery was low. should stop tweeting. good thing that it has survived the night anyway.
nothing scheduled for today. but I think today will still be good. looking forward to an exciting day. :)
hmmm. train delayed by 1.5 hours. should have reached kayankulam by now. now only at kottayam.
Good morning tweeps! :)
no 20 print outs for the contest, this time?
ennadhu? gandhi sethuttaara? :P
opened up cricinfo to find out that jadeja has bowled a maiden now! in this pitch!! #whattaman
whattaman
i know. ubuntu is my primary distro anyway. had built chromium os on my pendrive 11 months ago, just for fun.
i was trying to remove a problem. the problem itself is solved!!
and it reboots chroimium os again! twitter, facebook and g+ were all crashing earlier. n they work fine now! lol!
enna pa comedy ithu! i format the pendrive through windows n reboot my comp.
reason? can't even update the software in it.
correction. &quot;chromium&quot; os.
planning to remove this 'old' chrome OS from my pendrive.
i am missing #in50hrs again, this weekend! sigh. why do big events combine all the time?
in50hrs
yay! solved one silly problem that had been bugging me for so many days. simple DP but i had been thinking that it was much tougher.
i like this. waking up early and compensating for it in the afternoon with a nap. :) feel so fresh now.
wth! i can't even solve a minimizing knapsack problem. getting errors. hmmm.
i swear i wont play this crazily addicting game for the next 1 week! it is beginning to ruin my life.
since i am in a bad mood, i'll play for a while and then sit and study properly.
what do i do now? surrender to my addiction of playing &quot;dungeon defenders: second wave&quot; or sit and code properly?
i will never be able to look at a computer the same way again. coz everything looks so damn fuzzy! #eyepower
eyepower
my previous tweet kinda summarizes how my life is. sigh...
thanks! :)
good morning appa! topcoder match at 7.30 am. that's why. :)
woke up early at home, at last!
my headache might be due to that #IdiotKapilSibal.
IdiotKapilSibal
cooking noodles now. :)
omg!! i have 83 machine learning videos to watch! this is going to take a long long time.
i know some tv serials like dexter are supposed to be good. but no, thanks. i'd rather not waste my time on them.
how much have i lost in life due to my laziness?? more importantly, how much more will i lose? hmmm. need to change. drastically.
omg! i cant even watch a single video attentively for ten minutes! yawning continuously! :P
these videos are split into nice, small segments. just love it! now on to &quot;Cost Function - Intuition 1&quot;.
i wonder how ppl write fast. i need to relearn the act of writing.
hmmm. cost function...
been a really long time since i viewed those stanford machine learning class videos. continuing it now.
worked hard for more than an hour! long time since that happened!
just had an epiphany. what do i really want to do?
wow! where?
all i do is play games or try to write some code. hopefully everything will change in 2 weeks.
i need to learn to interact with people better. so many years of living through my comp has diminished my ppl skills.
i have become a zombie... &quot;BRAINS!! BRAINS!!&quot;
let me get back to work now.
worst part of waking up after a long sleep is feeling sleepy again.
Operation Die Barbosa successfully going on. #antipiracy
antipiracy
yes.
I know its going to be difficult w/o those free pirated songs. But I'll somehow manage.
That's it. I have decided. Not going to support piracy anymore. Going to delete all the songs that I have.
guys check out TouchPal. @kgdinesh
where r those sad songs when u want to listen to them?
the worst thing feeling is when ur life sucks n u get to know that its you, who is responsible for it.
hmmm. these school kids are from SBOA.
dear friends, first stop cheating in exams. u can then complain about corruption in the country. #dirtonyourback
dirtonyourback
nice. a lot of school children on a visit to the library. their teachers accompanying them. :-)
lol at kamal hassan's hypocrisy. :-D
wow! congrats to everyone at ur home! congrats, chithappa! :-)
TIL that AVL in AVL trees stand for Adelson-Velskii and Landis.
Yuvan Shankar Raja brays like a donkey. abaswaram max!
i am qualified to be a Radio Jockey. all i have to do is be my usual self n blabber continuously.
these lights in the library that switch on automatically when someone approaches them are #win.
win
at the same time, there are few ppl who can explain stuff superbly! and is one of them.
he wasnt even bothered to confirm whether I understood that concept or not.
just read up on a topic that one of my nerdy friends had tried explaining earlier. realized how bad he was at explaining.
Nice songs playing in the radio. :-)
awesome! at last, found some really awesome books on algos in this library! yay!
not able to view the comp properly. need to wear my glasses. finding it extremely difficult.
at Anna centenary library with parents, tweeting from my tab. :P
sigh. ended up watching dbz videos on youtube with bro.
will read that pdf on pattern matching using distributed systems. #readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
wth doesn't my twitter follower count ever reach 300? new ppl keep following me, but bots keep dropping out all the time. &amp;gt;290 for a month.
there. have planned whatever i want to do! NOW, HAVE TO EXECUTE MY PLANS!!! AAAAAAAA......... #panicmode
panicmode
got to plan! got to plan! GOT TO PLAN!!!
even during holidays, i panic!
i haven't still understood what to do for this webinar thingy.
spoj servers seem to be responding too slow today.
good morning folks. long time since i woke up this late.
this dungeon defenders second wave game on my android tab has been downloading stuff from the net for nearly a day! before it can start.
most probably going tomorrow with bro da.
never knew this! hover over the audio icon in the gnome taskbar and scroll using ur touchpad. the volume will change accordingly. naaice...
lol. #whattaman jagi.
whattaman
lol. no da. wondering how to solve a particular problem that i am facing. i solved it earlier. don't remember now.
done. http://t.co/bkNMFQJp
hmmm.
off to inox to watch tintin with bro.
rumors r tat they r selling it at a loss. they aim to make profit when ppl buy amazon stuff through it. u didn't knw that?
what no content? lol. what r u saying da?
not exactly. now ppl think amazon is the only contender to apple. samsung and asus beat the shit out of both.
lol. oh yeah. they NEED an iPad. alright.
please call!!
ppl buy an iPad bcoz they don't go to the market searching for a tablet. they want only an iPad n nothing else.
its just $199. why else do u think ppl were buying?
reviews say that there is no obvious difference in the speeds.
because its cheap da. u r talking as if other android tabs don't even have an android market.
dei, those amazon apps are android apps da! amazon didn't create those apps.
dei kindle fire runs on android da.
there is nothing professional about tabs. they are mainly for consuming multimedia. play games, watch movies.
that's exactly my point. u don't suggest ppl go buy something w/o giving an overall comparison. u r misleading them.
no. the reviewers don't give a damn about android tabs. ppl aren't aware of what's better. most sensible ppl go for android
kindle fire is no way a match for ipad2 da. and some android tabs are better than ipad2 too. i don't get u. wt u saying?
and u don't suggest someone to buy something w/o comparing to the rest of the available products.
not exactly. reviews were out long back. this is not the usual this-vs-that comparison. its buy this vs buy that.
irctc - &quot;Service Unavailable&quot;
as usual, irctc throwing up problems.
i think i'll root my phone before these hols end.
most of these blog articles about the ipad2 and kindle fire seem like paid articles to me. and they end up misleading everyone.
comparing the kindle fire with ipad 2 sounds ridiculous to me. maybe not to everyone though. there are better android tabs that beat both!!
good morning everyone! :)
lol. wait da worst fellows. i just love this waiting game! :) super build-up!
what should i do today?
its really dumb that ppl rate ipad 2 &amp;gt; kindle fire &amp;gt;&amp;gt; anything else. and that's what i call stupidity is.
never underestimate the stupidity of people.
Harvinder Singh is actually Ricky Ponting in disguise. push then, slap now.
seriously, ndtv. is a 30rd yr old guy referred to as a youth?
want to badly see a pic in which officer pike and sharad pawar are together. #macecop #pawarslap
macecop
pawarslap
chocobar! :D
time for a little codechef now.
done. replied to the 3rd person too. now to contact one important person.
second person contacted too. now for the third.
done. first person contacted. now for the second.
there. second done too. while i am doing the third, i have 3 ppl to reply to.
there. the first job is over. :) now for the second.
why twitter actually helps me: i imagine tweets to be slots and i manage my work in between them. how's that? #slottedaloha @unreachableHost
slottedaloha
hmmm. i am clocking my all time high in typeracer but the whole thing leaves me v unsatisfied. off to those 3 things now.
hmmm. 3 things to finish in the next half an hour. but before that, typeracer!
realized that twitter actually helps me manage things.
after so many days, nay, months, i have never felt so inspired to get back to coding!
for 7 days out of the past 9 days, I've been waking up at 4. tomo also same. #exhausted
exhausted
its really good da. the tablet experience. i wouldn't be able to compare tablets, but this is realy good!
wow! this tablet experience is outrageously good!!
got into bus at last!
wow! 21g! ...going in the other direction.
waiting for 21g now...
nasty auto driver. kalaaichutarama! po po.
I expected jayalalitha to have replaced these bed bugs in tnstc buses as they were present during the dmk regime too.
&quot;tambaram tambaram!&quot; ok ok mr.conductor, I am awake now. been awake almost the whole night.
I wonder why I should pay so much for a seat when they can't even keep it free of bed bugs.
why is my phone battery draining like crazy???
some things happen. some things don't. life is one strange game.
the bigger ur plans are, the harder they collapse.
those idiots at facebook seem to have deleted my account!
will be off twitter for the next one week. so then. ta ta. bye for now. #exams
exams
Good morning twitter! :)
haven't studied this sincerely in years! feels nostalgic.
will stop studying for the day, spend time on twitter for a while, and then go to sleep.
noooooooooooooooooo!!!
#machanIf there is 'parsi'ng, then why isn't there any hinduing, musliming or christianing? #runsaway
machanIf
runsaway
but with the state of my stomach in recovery mode, i dare not try anything ambitious!
hungry! right time to go munch on something perhaps?
there it is. one of the &quot;jayalalitha extra-special&quot; powercuts to her loyal citizens. :/
how will you verify that it is allowed in the court? don't want you to get into trouble.
love your tweets. please keep us updated.
oooh. its analysis and synthesis phase. and not synthesis and optimization phase as i thought earlier.
and there'll be a powercut in 10 min. darn.
operation: dist-comp. duration: next 2.5 days. resource: brain. target: these ebooks. will i succeed? let's go! BHARATH MATHA KI JAI!
thanks! :)
the best part is, i wouldn't have bought a tab if i knew earlier that i wud get selected. now i'm selected and i have bought the tab too! :D
my belief in God just shot up to a new maximum! :D
woohoo! selected for the next icpc round. :)
it is during powercuts like these that i wish that i had my galaxy tab 750 with me. can study from it anywhere.
cha. i have begun to complain a lot. who's to blame? not me. :P
anirudh24seven
first, flipkart sent me a faulty tab. then icpc amritapuri ppl haven't called r team. &amp; nw i realize that LFY hasn't shipped my t-shirt yet.
receiving poor service from different organizations for no particular reason. :(
three cheers for @flipkart! they delivered the replacement galaxy tab 750 today! but i'd have to wait for 2 weeks to use it though...
although the tab is in good condition, one of the samsung seals were broken again. but the other seal kept the casing closed.
i got news that the replacement Galaxy Tab 750 arrived today and its in good condition. thank you. :)
my tip was published in the Tips and Tricks section last month but I was never contacted for the T-shirt. Can u look into it?
as always, i would suggest vim. but u might have to install a few plugins too, to make it more convenient.
need a break!
wow! twitter introduces something new after a long time. Activity! :)
omg! big news! teams from r coll ranked behind us r getting calls from acm amritapuri ppl. y haven't we got any, yet? wil v even get a call?
there. cleaned my room. washed my face. prayed for a while. lit an agarbathi. gonna start studying now. :)
should stop trying to go to sleep and start studying
wth! i shouldn't feel sleepy now!! what's wrong with me??
twitter and reddit don't prevent me from studying. they prevent me from dozing off.
even though I didn't get my tab, had a jolly, happy weekend at home. :) was worth it.
are funny tweets on juniors allowed? :D :P ;)
how have u prepared for compiler lab exam da?
i faced the same problem too. but strangely, when u go to d market and lookup google+, it shows an update option. updating nw.
damn. everything going totally the wrong way.
which also means that i've nothing else to do but just shut up and study
so, although they were v nice and immediately ordered a replacement, it still means that my plan to get it by this weekend failed.
just went and saw in my flipkart account that they had placed an order for the replacement. dunno when i'll get it though. mostly tue/wed.
had a perfectly bad day.
1 of ur executives said tat a replacement would be shipped tonight &amp; i'll get a mail regarding it. haven't got it yet. status plz?
they understood that i had a genuine problem and agreed to ship it by tonight itself, even though it is a difficult procedure! wow!
omg! service is truly awesome! they have agreed to ship it by tonight itself! brilliant!!
i can take pics of the screen of the tab that i received and send it across if you want. if that will help in any way...
why? why does this happen to me???
next 2 days hols as well. so, i surely can't get my tab before leaving home. and i'll be back only on the 23rd. which is upsetting... :(
kinda heartening to realize that their customer service is good. but some mistake somewhere and i'm the one affected by it. :(
they were kinda surprised that the seal within the flipkart packaging was broken. i am surprised too! some1 has packaged a bad box.
got another call from flipkart. they have agreed to look into the issue. but not possible to get a replacement by today. :(
i dont wanna take this with me now da. its not a new order. its a replacement na. need to give this back to get a new one.
bad bad day...
that means that i wouldn't be able to use it until my sem exams get over and my hols begin! need not have come back home this weekend. :(
have contacted customer service who duly apologized and agreed to replace it. but wouldn't get a replacement until tuesday. :(
and the tablet's screen has a few marks on it too! never expected such a poor service from @flipkart!
ouch!! after hours of waiting, i get a galaxy tab 750 box with broken seals from @flipkart! shocked!!
not yet. the chennai flipkart facility has received mine a few minutes back, though. courtesy: track ur shipment feature.
32k in flipkart.
i think interviewstreet. @kgdinesh
galaxy tab 750 (10.1)
back home :)
signs of tiredness creeping in
meanwhile, iris is still up n running. :P #siridown
siridown
mokka pasanga. they complain abt the coll n claim that they want to leave it asap n now they talk abt senti feelings! #hypocrites
hypocrites
lol. hearing news that siri is down! :P
hope flipkart doesn't be over sincere n deliver my tab tomo itself. I don't want my bro to open it before I reach home.
ppl dont understand the meaning of a choice. u can choose to stay or leave. just dont stop others from leaving.
i don't understand when ppl complain to me when i criticize some1's views. they can have their views. so will i, about them.
soooo confused now! mind not working...
some indecent ppl opposing the new director's move citing pragyan, nittfest, symposium and senti feelings!!
new director therikka vidaraar! piri man! so many changes coming about in college!!
distributed computing, it is.
wow! a guy from just called me now to confirm my order. nice. :-)
guess, i'll go have my first proper meal of the day now.
ordered a galaxy tab 750 at last, now. :)
sigh...
hope I don't doze off now n miss my exam.
feeling feverish too. kinda scared. this shouldn't be happening.
argh! why doesnt everything happen the way it is supposed to?
didnt have breakfast or lunch today. why then is my stomach paining?
now for the 'creative' part. meh.
google doesn't seem to give a damn for users with slow internet connection.
ordering it on flipkart tomorrow. will most prolly get it by this weekend then.
got that creative writing assignment to complete now.
the first thing i'll do after getting my galaxy tab 750 would be to test the wordpress app n start working on it!
same here
i m writing an assignment with the help of the light from my lappy because of powercut. somebody give me a medal please.
woke up from an extremely long nap. which means that i've got to start on assignments now.
there. much better now after wearing my glasses.
having more problems with eyesight. guess i need to start wearing my specs more regularly now.
seri. washed those clothes now. what do i do next?
am so absent minded. forgot to dry those clothes that i had soaked yesterday morning! they stink now! :(
hope u know about the oil slick problem with so many galaxy tab 10.1 models globally. what abt the ones available at flipkart?
twitter on opera turbo mode keeps getting reloaded again and again, making it nearly unusable! i wonder why.
now that galaxy tab 10.1 is in line for ICS update, i'm surely gonna get one within a week!
hi. wouldn't it be a long time before Asus Transformer 2 (Prime) launches in india? what will the tentative pricing be?
what u doing da? i m v bored.
as rightly said, i feel a myriad of emotions every instant.
it is mildly surprising to note that we came extremely close to solving one more problem in both contests.
no no. just realized that i had stopped coding for myself &amp; was just trying to win contests. gonna change tat attitude. :)
dei dei. i am talking about coding/programming da!
?
lol. that's the source. but that isn't the reason. :)
ah. inner peace at last! :)
the next few hours will determine my actions for the next few months.
sigh...
my spider senior surath (ex-presi) got placed in google today! :)
i didn't miss anything important today, right?
Immortals of Meluha was a worthy read.
got a lot of work to finish by monday. i better start today.
the nitt gtug website is up! http://t.co/ZSHtIRKA
yes da. am coming only tomorrow.
argh! just found out the mistake made in problem E of amrita icpc online round! stupid mistake in logic! @ashwinjagadeesh
well said. #ubunturage http://t.co/gpEYRX1E
ubunturage
extremely irritated. but I'm not leaving home tonight. get lost college!
damn. my class rep tells me now that there is a submission tomorrow! I hate my college!
oh. that's the only reason is it? then I surely want to bunk tomorrow.
nope. I didn't. y u leaving today then? I was thinking of bunking tomo but haven't decided.
what about compilers program? submission tomo right?
vim golf! :) http://t.co/V67merA9
when u going to college?
is it my slow internet connection or are there any problems with the #NokiaWorld live streaming website?
NokiaWorld
wth! the #nokiaWorld live webcast page says that webcast limit has been reached! i cant view anything. this is stupid.
nokiaWorld
that was one extremely long nap that I had! slept for so many hours!
and of course, happy deepavali!! :)
so tired! wont be able to stay awake even for 1 more minute! good night everyone! #exhausted
exhausted
have requested for a better url for the nitt gtug website. meanwhile, the unofficial url is: http://t.co/UPWwDerO
photos on gtug website have been uploaded. :)
i shouldn't be tired now but i am. every1 at home already gone to sleep.
working on the gtug website now. uploading the gtug kickoff photos to the site as well.
i give up. i am not going to download ubuntu 11.10 now with this slow net connection at home.
this tiwary fellow has no control over his bowling. tossing up diwali sweets for the english batsmen.
personally, i don't like unity or gnome-shell but i heard that 11.10 provides a better experience on netbooks than 11.04.
downloading ubuntu 11.10 now. planning to put it on my pendrive and test it out on my mom's netbook and show her how awesome ubuntu is. ;)
india needs a wicket. quick.
exactly!
its been a really long time since i bought some book. especially a comp sci book.
got myself a jeans pant for tomo and a few books on comp sci as well. :)
back home after shopping. :)
did that loooong ago.
oops. spent all my time on google+ now. got to start.
going to attempt a few problems related to segment trees now.
woke up at last!
I prefer g+ over fb becoz I can hv healthy discussions on technology on g+ while friends n relatives on fb think tat i'm spammin their walls
what plans for the day? :)
back home :)
happy birthday da! :-)
was made to shift to the adjacent seat with problems in my sleepy state. woke up now n politely asked him for my original seat. he agreed.
checking twitter through sms.
machi, noone in our wing n ur clothes and umbrella seemed unsafe outside. have put them in my room.
who's going to watch the new srk movie? No.One. @Laugh_Riot
don't worry. ur team itself is a joke. :P #justkidding #runsaway
justkidding
runsaway
doesn't it even cost the usual rate?
been an extremely long time since i had a decent internet connection...
thanks. i think i'll wait.
i think i should go and sleep once again now. feel as if i bumped my head against a brick wall.
2 hours of powercut over. when will the next one be?
what a dumb government! we are having 3 times more power cuts than what we used to have!
when in india?
i have been eyeing the galaxy tab 750 (10.1&quot;) for a long time now. shall i go ahead and buy it?or should i wait for an ics tablet?
power cut?? now?? why???? :(
yay! power back!
damn!! powercut! won't come back surely for an hour now. :-(
dei, i meant study for tomo's exam da. mobile computing.
time to get up and study
power went at 6 am. :-/ hope it comes back at 8.
it says that my prev tweet was through ubuntu. oh well.
what is this twitter client? gwibber? just found it in my panel bar.
disable. u can hide them. that's just abt it.
both the have the same low baritone kind of a start. :) @techrsr
1440 twitter users make an eench. :P @kgdinesh
shhh apple fan boys. its our turn now. #android
android
Tango supports video chat in android phones with just a camera at the back!
congrats!! :D
iris is awesome! for those who haven't used it, it is the equivalent of siri on iphone, for android. and it was built in just 8 hours!!
love the tune. :) #kolaveri
kolaveri
I find so many ppl around me use :wq for save and exit, instead of :x. How do I effectively convince them to use :x?
does a concept of exploiting sms's to compromise mobile phones, exist? @_iakkom
kili-tas.
Hard earned parottas
when they ask me why I got low marks, I'll point a finger and say, &quot;these buhari fellows pa. go on. arrest them.&quot;
these buhari fellows are worst, I say.
is back to my usual abnormal self. :P
dunno what to feel. :|
i want to do something about it!
am so pissed off that we might not make it!
is selection for on-site going to be the 1st team from each college and then rank-wise allocation if slots are available?
sigh.
&quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot; is an anagram of &quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot;.
.skype, viber, fring, nimbuzz, tango and so many other options. what do we go with?
.i would at least need such an app to contact u ppl w/o knocking on your doors everytime.
we need not pay these carriers if we wanna call each other.
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
dear friends w/ android, y don't we all start usin some phone-call-thru-internet app like skype, viber, etc? wud be gr8 if all of us hv it.
Opera, both desktop and mobile is built for the masses.
that was one insanely long nap that i had.
love the vishnu sahasranamam recitation by T.S.Ranganathan. awesome voice. spiritual feeling.
?
wud like to knw wthr thr hav been incidents where &amp;gt;1million ppl using GSM roaming mobiles meetin up in a location hv crashed a VLR. @_iakkom
dear iPhone 4S user, if u bought it just to be in an 'elite' crowd, u sure are arrogant.
Damn these powercuts!
gave a 2 hour talk on android at nitt-gtug kickoff event now. abt 100 ppl turned up.
nitt gtug successfully started off today!
NITT GTUG Kickoff event today. gonna give a talk on Android.
someone will fork it da. if noone does, i will.
what???????? nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
no option for gnome 2 classic?
coughing like crazy!
awesome article!
#dell
dell
websites need to provide something between actual websites and a mobile site for users like me on a slow internet connection.
in fact, i/o operations aren't natively supported by c.
many updates to Ritchie's death with a printf statement. on a different note, printf isn't natively supported by c, right? we need stdio.h.
All I can think of now, is food. Off to grab something to eat.
using free wifi from clc now.
what a stupid boring class!
couldn't go less than 303 bytes. hmmm...
i give up! i can't write the soln in &amp;lt;256 bytes.
these problems are so hard that even the editorials for them make little sense!
thanksu pa!
My tip got published in this month's lfy magazine. I remember sending it in months ago!
ah. last bench after a long time.
no water anywhere? that's insane!
voted now. :)
not feeling productive? start studying for exams. your productivity in other activities would dramatically increase.
Dart! #google
google
woke up at last!
tried the android yoga app?
What everyone is too polite to say about steve jobs. http://t.co/FF3ljxGR
it used to be. long ago, march used to be the first month of the year. jan and feb were added later. sept=7 oct=8 nov=9 dec=10
oops. thursday perhaps?
will intro to android be enough? planning to make it short and simple as all of us have CT's next week.
they expect us to conduct a kickoff session before wednesday. i think we'd be able to do it.
will tuesday be fine? We need to get permission for venue n put up posters too tomo. suggestions?
suggestions for gtug kickoff event?
Thank you for the private beta invite! http://t.co/1GPO8eU9
.is brilliant!
Am watching that recording of Dalai Lama &amp; Desmond Tutu hangout now. http://t.co/kwPhdAP9
btw, i want to know which book to study compilers from.
this might be a bit long. u can just skim through though. http://t.co/x3MIHPfi
it IS tough. but spending time with it improves your style of coding in procedural based languages.
wow! the haskell session at today's ilugc meet was awesome!
at the ilugc meeting now. was discussing abt scalable systems earlier. discussing about RoR now.
Samsung and google postponing their conference due to jobs death. Apple themselves wouldn't do such a thing.
getjar \m/
http://t.co/woaM7zL4 makes typing easier and quicker!
i think i'll attend the ilugc meet today. its been a long time...
tried SwiftKey x?
SwiftKey x is super awesome! Free on getjar!
my brother is still active on orkut!
got my gsoc t-shirt and certi now! here's my certi. http://t.co/4qc3vWF4
nice. :)
never! i say, never!
omg! woke up to the bad news now. RIP Steve Jobs. :(
why do i prefer twitter and google+ over facebook? because most of the posts on fb are not even worth looking at.
some ppl will watch any form of cricket. even something as bad as a champions league match that doesn't involve any of the teams u support.
golden rule on the internet: never argue w/ morons and noobs. oh yeah, moronic noobs too.
Gaah! Exaggeration! Y.YOU.EXIST??
if this goes any further, i am gonna start a series of guest rage comics.
my mom interrupts my 4 hour sleep and asks me to get ready to meet navarathiri guests. one more reason for me to dislike guests.
Johny English Reborn is one awesome movie! Enjoyed it with friends. :-)
exactly!
and after so many months, apple comes out with a copy of samsung galaxy s2.
nice that express avenue provides free wifi for 2 hours.
does the movie at EA plan still exist? plz keep me updated.
good morning tweeps. :-)
a third yr just now came up to me and asked authoritatively whether i was a second yr. bulbed him with the truth.
gonna reach central bus stand, trichy.
just like every centOS fan would be happy with a redhat release, i am happy that iphone5 is coming. #android
android
&quot;a faceless enemy is the most dangerous.&quot; #apple
apple
&quot;there are so many awesome open source projects online that, to simply waste one's time is a sin. go contribute!&quot;
when will google come up with an equivalent of amazon silk?
its fun to travel as long as u dont have to drag a strolley along.
#f8fefc? (tumblr's) @ferozenaina
f8fefc
gotta go have lunch but this lathangi piece by U Srinivas is holding me back. #whattaman
whattaman
can't read the text clearly though. color of fonts can be lighter. @sathya3445
be at irc://freenode/nitt from now on. we'll chat.
twidge is written in haskell. must learn haskell then.
huge weekend coming up. from tomo till sunday. #dussehraholidays
dussehraholidays
good morning folks! :)
what a day! got flamed by almost everyone!! :-/
checking out twidge once again.
this month is gonna be big. last shot at ACM ICPC.
did you check ur room number on ur door? i changed it today morning. :P
where are you?
and of course, a good amount of sleep can lead to happiness too. :P
just re-learnt one important lesson today. happiness isn't always defined by happy incidents. sometimes, peace and calm lead to happiness.
thanks to for enabling access to ~145 GB of space in my system. :)
listening to Saraswatipriya alapana. never heard this before. always feels good to listen to a new raaga.
shankarabharanam alapana by L.Subramaniam is so comforting and heavenly! :)
Radiance theme in ubuntu is really good. :)
seriously, today has been one of the worst days ever. only good part is, i kinda felt yday, that today would be bad. don't ask me why.
of course, we lost too. but again, that is usual. don't feel that i am worthy of selection. let at least others get a chance.
went to play with a team full of bowlers, never got a chance to bowl, got bowled golden duck. worst of all, i snapped n fought wd d captain.
of course, that decision has got everything to do with me, rather than anything/anyone else. #disappointed
disappointed
worst day of cricket ever! i hereby quit playing cricket at NIT Trichy.
worst monday morning ever!!
clarification: &quot;msp program&quot; meant &quot;applying for msp program&quot; in my prev tweet.
2nd step of msp program hopefully over. can concentrate on icpc preparations properly now.
at code obfuscation finals now. #shaastra
shaastra
of course, it also means that there is a lot of opportunity for the rest of mankind.
have lost hope in mankind. almost everyone wants to #timepass all the time!
timepass
but why code heavily during powercut/travel. 1 Lappy + 1 netbook seems to be a good idea.
u guys can get a netbook...
got selected for code obfuscation finals. that means i have to go back to iit-m for #shaastra today...
shaastra
thanks to for submitting my mobile computing classwork today! :)
keywords of talks that crowds are always attracted to: 1. Hacking 2.Android #lessonslearned #shaastra
lessonslearned
shaastra
insane crowd for the android dev lecture by @lut4rp!! #shaastra
shaastra
will play maybe after icpc.
at an awesome talk by arvind gupta at #shaastra. this guy: http://t.co/CfbSc97Q
shaastra
ah. this guy is showing why one compromise can bring everything down.
so, he makes a guy click a shortened url which hides a js code that steals cookies. #ok
ok
lol. this guy is phishing some random guy in an ethical hacking lecture! #shaastra
shaastra
wait! this guy is supposed to talk abt ethical hacking. sigh. these things always suck.
why cant these #shaastra ppl provide internet connection for organizers from outside?
shaastra
dumb talk on ethical hacking going on at #shaastra.
shaastra
damn! these idiots cant stop misusing the term 'hack'! #disgusted
disgusted
at iitm now. #shaastra
shaastra
back home! :)
overslept, woke up at koyambedu, caught a bus to t nagar n waitin here now! what a start to the day!
not many ppl in the setc bus that i am travelling in. #thursday
thursday
Off to central bus stand, trichy.
mokkai class. no attendance too. :-(
omg! its gururaj!
decided not to go to shaastra but stay in coll today. few unfinished businesses.
happens to me almost all the time in this slow, dumb internet connection that i have.
they should declare 10 days holidays for colleges during dussehra and navarathri. can eat sundal at home, then.
insects all over the place! so switched to a dark twitter theme.
how many of you know that NIT Trichy has its own Google Technology User Group from today? join right away! groups.google.com/group/nitt-gtug
Zynga profits dive 95%, no new games to blame http://t.co/UvgWKNcv
damn! slept for &amp;gt;4 hours!!
of course the mobile desktop twitter widget is awesome too!
GO launcher is truly awesome! love the cartoon theme on my android!
pettai rap and urvasi urvasi! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;chikku bukku chikku bukku raile!!!&quot; #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;arabikkadalorum&quot; now! :-) #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
lol. they said they'll sing a hindi song, sang one line, went to english n then tamil now! no hindi! lol. bulb! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
wth!! what is he singing?? &quot;papa is happy when the food is on the table&quot; ??? #randomsong #festember
randomsong
festember
got into barn after 1.5 hours of waiting! disgusting! #festember
festember
when leaving for barn?
tried to reverse tether my android. #fail so far.
fail
dozed off for a while...
i dont wear glasses regularly. so changed my profile pic almost everywhere.
what?
not got anything to do with padippu machi.
changed my twitter dp to another old one.
had planned to go watch/attend a few events today morning. ended up in spider labs instead...
1.2 Mbps!!
power back. off to spider labs! :)
will put the source code online of course! :) will blog about in a few hours when I come back from festember...
of course, am a final year student. so noone would depend on me. :D
supposed to help others in arranging events. boring non-tech stuff...
gotta have lunch and leave for festember soon. yawn...
spent all morning w/o breakfast to write a python script to retrieve all 50 odd topcoder algorithm tutorial articles. will blog abt it soon.
at barn hall now with friends. #festember
festember
classes over for the day. yay!
can diaspora make an impact in this world of twitter-google+-facebook?
why no article on how fb copying most of google+? would love to see one.
never underestimate a product.
its so silent that i can hear laughing for jokes in the movie that he's watching...
started on 5 drawings for assignment. :-) would have continued if not for this unscheduled powercut...
time for an haircut? yeah!!
u can set passwords for ur androidAP connection da.
bunking all morning classes today. :P
updating my google+ android app now. :)
horrible timetable for tomorrow. planning to bunk a lot.
problems with setuptools while setting up trac on remote system without internet connection http://t.co/LrjjIu3T
today's div 2 srm was kinda tough. must practise more..
:-)
when nobody is nice to you, there is nothing you can do, but just move on. #thathuvam
thathuvam
what can be worse than bad teachers? bad classmates.
11 points increase. ok. i'll take it. at least it has increased...
hmmm. should have started the 900 point problem earlier. seemed easy. wasted too much time on the 600 point problem. its okay. #topcoder
topcoder
reserve your username at http://gkl.st/2 here is mine http://t.co/JrFB79xL
tc srm 519 in an hour...
hard work pays! yeah!!
they tell me that there is no curd rice after billing me for it! eating lemon rice now. sigh...
learnt something new now. hopefully the first good thing that has happened to me so far, today.
yes!! yes yes yes! understood at last!
ouch. my back aches now.
i wish something good would happen now...
just what i wanted. google search provides results from a few social networks. http://t.co/j4yxzE4D
a bright, wonderful monday morning! looking forward to an exciting week! :)
Damn. My gprs has begun to cost me now. Wth is  happening? Stupid airtel!
had weird dreams. strangely, i think i had similar dreams years ago. good morning tweeps.
opinions change with experience. #thathuvam
thathuvam
'Best apps' is one of the best apps out there on the android market. a must try for android users.
when will i ever learn to not talk to strangers?
facebook is for braggarts. twitter is for chatterboxes. but there is a bit of both inside every one of us.
windows. open?? oh. u dont mean the OS. let me go back to what i was doing...
cant sms. :-( at least can tweet...
rameshwaram exp
piri man da nee. :-)
and rameshwaram exp has started. got my ticket checked now, too.
and that leaves 4 rupees as balance. strangely costing me 1 rupee per sms, now. cant sms any1 too. cha.
oh. lol. thought u saw me.
yep. am wearing a grey t shirt.
wth! my current gprs plan is different from my original gprs plan. so 60 bucks detected from balance now. :-(
in one of those nice coaches with power sockets all over the place. :-)
windows 8?
uninstallation done.
i'm going to say goodbye to this macbuntu theme and return to good ol' ubuntu's 'Ambiance' theme.
y u so scared? @viveksundarm
YEAHHHH!!!!!! my ubuntu is back! triple booting ubuntu 11.04, windows 7 and windows 8 dev preview now. :)
off to the Startup Center for Mobile Monday on a Saturday. #MoMo
MoMo
damn! i cant even use a computer without my glasses! everything seems more blurred w/o them.
what is happening? seeing more icons on my start menu now. #w8dp
w8dp
good morning tweeps. back home safely. :)
lol.
lol. he started the conversation first!
lol. was talking abt android to some random stranger in the town bus to trichy. felt good.
good to see new, clean seat covers on this setc bus. :-)
i want my ubuntu back! missing it already :'( @_iakkom
nice. :-) how abt putting it on wikileaks?
nee verumna paathundu thaan iruppa. @_iakkom
wait. how is that apps are closing now in windows 8 dp, if i press alt+F4? this wasn't working yday.
feeling much better after that deep sleep... :)
one guy is calling wipro, infosys, cts and tcs as the &quot;venerable big four&quot;!!
haha. true. not comfortable on desktops/laptops. i was comparing its start menu with older versions of windows. :-)
must've listened to mankatha theme song &amp;gt;30 times since afternoon. too good. thanks to @_iakkom.
like my mob's new screen guard. :-)
haha! 2 of my batchmates professing their love to each other over facebook!
windows 8 might not be the most comfortable or customizable OS that i have ever seen, but it surely one of the best! damn intuitive!
loving windows 8 developer preview on a fast internet connection. :)
is on a photo walk around the campus with a 5mp camera. :-P
sure! :-)
first tweet from Tweet:)
after 2 hours of chaotic comedy with @viswanathgs, and finally @_iakkom, got windows 8 dev preview workin on my lappy. :-)
HURRAY!! downloaded windows 8 developer preview. was so tensed that the sha1 checksums might not match! they did! yay!!
its at 99% now!! :)
I hereby declare war!! on my laziness!!
been a long time since i felt this pathetic!! :|
if I buy the galaxy tab 750 from your website, how do I avail that vodafone plan?
i really must start solving these 1000 point problems!! not even attempting them... :(
i think i'll go to spider labs now n put windows 8 on download. will be having lunch at vasantham n will come to class from there.
ya. its huge! i dunno whether 3 hours would be sufficient to download it with the internet speed over there...
not yet. it just released a while ago. will do it today. lots of great feedback abt it. tempted to bunk web class today. :-P
lol. smell of books for e-books! :D http://t.co/mq7E7x2
ah. i think i'll replace that third partition in my system containing fedora 15 now, with windows 8 developer preview.
damn. just when i was abt to order an android tablet, they release windows 8. looks very promising, i must say! #build
build
i just love this metro UI!
i was beginnin to wonder why i wanted an android tab. jus remembered that it was because i wanted to optimize wordpress for android tablets!
good morning tweeps. feeling great in the morning after a long time. had a good night's sleep. :-)
for once i am glad that my room is warm..
shipped my gsoc code to google today. yay!
make way for minus! http://t.co/oHavlbe
OUCH! http://t.co/cFPC8eA
whew. just confirmed that today is the soft deadline.
Awesome news abt delicious  http://t.co/Qdr9nv8
i dont want to go to the only theory class of today. boo hoo. #boring
boring
no revolutionary news in tech for the past few days. #boring
boring
there is a huge difference between teasing among friends and slander on a public forum.
it need not even be written by the same person. multiple ppl using hashtags, maybe?
no. u didnt get me. a series of tweets that make up a short story.
readin abt data mining. i dont want all info. just want necessary info tht i need frm this book. i.e.data mine this book on data mining.
how about using twitter as a medium to write/narrate short stories? there would be live feedback as well. @kgdinesh
every raagam/song sounds good if the singer sings it that way.
bouli is awesome. kalpana swarams in it are even more awewome.
me thinks tht me will take a break from swype and use the samsung soft-keyboard in landscape mode instead...
This book on How Children Learn Language by William O'Grady is just awesome!
and advised me not to have too much of this kesari. I should've listened.
ah. I think I would have to use my laptop today.
Ah. I always thought that no1 looked at this perspective for nlp. But found a book. &quot;How children learn language&quot; by william o grady. Nice.
mobile twitter is faster than twitter apps mainly because u don't see profile pics in it.
ah. almost. but not for programming purposes...
topcoder da. was talking about yday's srm.
played games on mobile, listened to the radio. came to library about an hour back. reading a few interesting stuff.
I have challenged myself not to open my laptop today. going good so far.
oh yes. I think I will learn hindi.
ah. ok.
oh. I thought the aim was to spread knowledge. cha.
I don't understand. Why aren't all academic research papers available online for free?
why is it that I wake up so late on Sundays? anyway, good morning tweeps.
i am not even attempting this 1000 point problem.
1000pt problems. Y.YOU.SO.HARD??
3 more hits and my blog will reach 6k hits. :P http://t.co/j2gXjeo
ivar apudiye police u. naanga thirudanaama. i need to 'accept' facts aam. ensuring that justice is served via facebook.
lol at he doubts my credibility.
Onaan inside spider labs. Lol.
where did you buy? how much?
The quickest and most reliable way of accessing twitter on my android is the mobile website.
The English cricket team would love the name of the next version of Android. #jellybean
jellybean
time to begin. #coding
coding
lol. thu.
do indians still watch cricket??
been receiving a lotta visits on my blog for the past few days. naice...
u disgusting ppl. one placed in an electrical company and another a EEE student...
i increase the entropy of the universe by adding unknown but interesting ppl into my &quot;Random&quot; circle on google+.
wait. i've been spending so much time on google+ that i haven't even noticed twitter for a while now...
summa verupethifying. :P
yay!
awesome da!
I can either continue to laze around in my room like this or go to Spider labs and work properly. I choose the latter.
70467 in racing moto! muhahaha! beat that, @_iakkom!
&quot;yethi yethi&quot; on radio now. brings back first year memories...
Heading to trichy with comp sci classmates for treat.
Yay! Installed Paper Camera for free from getjar! It IS as awesome as everyone claim it to be!
i think my twitter page looks better now :) #allwhite
allwhite
listening and singing along to &quot;mazhai varudhu mazhai varudhu&quot; on infinite loop. wingmates feeling...
I better stop snoozing and start rising... Good morning tweeps.
First we called him Jagadeesh. Then Jagi. And then Jag. Now, we don't call him anymore. :P  @Satish_NR
@_iakkom: when u guys leaving?
I love distributed computing but this class is boring...
I wonder how patents are granted to apple for some really silly stuff. Something v fishy...
Restore and Preserve Page State for Windows Phone 7.5 or Mango Phone http://t.co/FRJjEed /via @wordpressdotcom
is at a new low. fresh beginnings ahead... #hope
hope
either i am missing out on something or people are not listening to me...
i am still out here!
i want those qsn papers!
btw, change your username to something else da. please.
have a look. http://t.co/cUq0ksk
have u seen videos of windows phone 7 mango? it seems twitter and facebook have been integrated into it! looks good. :)
how abt creating a distro just for social purposes?
ah. doesn't seem to be tweeting. and that can mean only one thing. HE'S STUDYING!!!
specific cd or all cds? which version of ubuntu?
i got a good internet connection now. yeah!
3g connection! Y.YOU.FAIL.ME?
i think u have given me only one koshtin paper containing 40 koshtins...
hey. yeah, it was. :)
Off to creative writing 'exam' now...
I don't like these horrible tamil film songs that they play in these buses. That too this early in the morning!
some of my friends are scared/irritated that unknown people add them on google+. and they do have twitter acccounts! #hypocrites #fb
hypocrites
fb
mobile computing is pretty interesting...
i asked how ur preparation is, da.
Am at chennai occ now. Looking at some very interesting startup products...
boarded train? How is ur preparation da?
ok.
just realized that vasanth's link was the ebook that u had already given to me. ma'am mentioned some other book right? wt abt that?
12 crore zeros perhaps?
.seems to be studying a lot. no tweets for quite some time now... dei, anyway u r S grade in mobile da.
lol.
Awesome experience at nerd dinner chennai today!
yep. he never attended any class though. placements...
And the second event for the day is nerd dinner chennai. am already here. might start in a short while.
I am NOT going to watch another tamil movie for a looooong time!!
i should start studying for monday's &quot;Mobile Computing&quot; exam, now. but i think i'll try to come up with a windows phone 7 app now...
and the first event for the day is mankaatha! booked tickets yday night...
good morning tweeps. :) have 2 events planned for the day...
http://t.co/eEFDD3X
good night folks. not sleepy but i think i'll play around with my mobile before going to sleep. c ya.
dear apple, go die! http://t.co/ZeN9AnS
lol! bing and google plus. http://t.co/Cbs78Qj
and oh, yeah. epic fail today. thought that 1530 UTC meant 11pm Indian time!
back home... :)
samsung launched some new products today. maybe, postponing my decision to buy the galaxy tab was an awesome decision after all...
refer my prev tweet.
Galaxy Ace - Gingerbread update http://t.co/ZCevKQj
there seems to be only post/site online that has taken notice of the galaxy ace gingerbread update in india! sad...
the world looks much better when u upgrade your android device... have a great morning everyone!
dunno what feels better. gingerbread or triple sixes by dravid...
Yes. :-)
am now running gingerbread on my ace. :)
yay! heard that gingerbread official update is available for galaxy ace in india now!! woot! @_iakkom
with toshiba, amazon and sony entering the market, the consumers stand to gain...
reason being, there aren't too many android tabs out in the market yet. more competition means better products and cheaper price.
argh! dilemma max! i think i will wait for a few months before buying the galaxy tab...
offline gmail is awesome! http://t.co/ROVS4jn
Only few hours remaining to convince me to not buy a galaxy tab 750. flipkart's offer gets over then.
Badminton, table tennis, pool and swimming with bro! Awesome experience!
google+ also supports j,k.
why isn't mangatha trending on twitter?
can never understand why some people do not allow others to dream big. #bro
bro
if i pre-order the Samsung Galaxy Tab 750 now, when will i get it?
not exactly. we've just found inner peace...
ah. that's ok. we know which coll is better... :)
the question is not &quot;will i&quot;, but &quot;when will i&quot;...
romba over! http://t.co/zG4pqSW
must start tracking time.
another reason why working on open source projects are awesome. u get to make good friends like :)
can someone invite me to quora? #quora
quora
tired. even twitter seems boring now...
Got to start studying now...
Anna becomes an icon, Irom Sharmila forgotten - India News - IBNLive http://t.co/UGKvaVD
for sms spam, smsBlocker is pretty good.
thanks! just now saw this tweet. got placed in microsoft about a month back...
apparently there's some random football match going on...
yay! can go study now!
lol. not yet. ;) :P
in fact, i was asked to upload it onto youtube.
and what's wrong with that?
my video for the microsoft student partner program: http://t.co/0FDLoQF :P
sadly, no irc client seems to be as awesome as chatzilla. makes me depend on firefox.
MUST.STOP.SINGING.ALONG! #canthelpit
canthelpit
in love with automata once again! :)
:D :P
dai! anyway, gnome2 still rocks! and echofon sucks because i'd have to use firefox.
and i just reached 2000 tweets with my prev tweet! :P
i salute medical students like who devote their time and lives to the welfare of other people! you rock!!
those students are of course, medical students!!
in midst of all this complaining, i can't help but feel amazed about a group of students. they study and they serve.
i bet some of my classmates are going through prev years kosthin papers now...
nee vera. i'd be studying for placements now, if so!
t2k is nearing... (tweet two thousand)
i wish companies that we got placed in, could just whisk us away from college right now and take us to their offices...
random songs on infinite loop...
i guess i must stop complaining and resume studying...
most of them might be studying even now. :(
it is ok with me to study, after getting placed. but i'd want to study something new. not old stuff!!
why isn't 'cycle test' trending on twitter? :|
have felt the same, over all these years... :|
can't believe that i have to study stuff that were taught 1.5 years ago! unfair! #automata
automata
of course, if i am really purchasing, it'd be only around december or later...
galaxy tabs 730 and 750, motorola xoom come with honeycomb. rumors abt toshiba coming up with a tab as well.
i did. confused over what to buy next. will give this ace to my dad if i go for nexus prime.
in fact, getting my first android, is indirectly the reason why i'm going for something next. #gsoc
gsoc
i might not buy at all too. kinda confused. might be receiving a windows phone 7 next year, to add to the confusion.
:P would be my response. #nocomments
nocomments
galaxy tab or nexus prime?? #confused
confused
huh?
RT twitter needs to make tagging not eat up the word count.
wow! the windows phone 7 emulator looks stunning. much better than the android one...
not if we dunno the answers while giving the exam...
Companies are like political parties. They can become a liability any time. Better not to talk about them at all.
on twitter? there's an @ Mentions tab below the &quot;What's happening?&quot; textbox. you can view tweets mentioning you, over there.
#ThankYouSteveJobsFor making everyone realize that every little detail on a product deserved the attention of a CEO. http://t.co/RJ7NlMb
ThankYouSteveJobsFor
realized that i've all along seen only from google's perspective. nice one. http://t.co/LL1rOSu #applevsgoogle
applevsgoogle
is now a gsocer... :)
just saw the news. awesome da! congrats! :)
awesome!!
fb - acquaintances
deadlock
today is friday. which means unlimited payasam in mess. Slurrppp!
awesome weather here at trichy!
good morning tweeps! :)
that worked! forgot to inform earlier...
that feeling u get when u realize u might have been wrong all along...
NVIDIA and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet + Tegra Zone power pack http://t.co/NY3qAtt Begin living life!
cycle tests coming up. will lower my twitter usage for the next few weeks.
check this. http://t.co/h9jXvD3
when I +1 something, do I say plus oned or plussed one?
am not gonna retweet funny/interesting tweets that might make me lose credibility. gonna +1 them instead.
&quot;Students, take your mobile out n check your IMEI number. Go on, do it.&quot; - prof in mobile computing class
just what i wanted! http://t.co/i8RmWRL @_iakkom
big news that was made while I was sleeping: Steve Jobs Resigns. hmmm... dunno how to react.
good morning tweeps! classes from 8.30 to 4 today...
didn't u just have dinner?
prof who teaches compilers keeps referring to automata all the time. and i don't remember most of it.
is planning to read automata all over again...
where art thou?
ah. yes. point taken.
i meant that this is comfortable too. so, no reason to not expect people to use it.
viewing conversations, images and videos are v comfy in the web...
got to add new photos to twitter asap!
just saw the time! gotta rush to class. dear followers, u have been saved, if u have not been bored to death already!
Who is suing who? http://t.co/RAZmfJu
Gold: Did You Know You Could Rip Apart Your Computer and Melt the Circuit Boards for Gold? - http://t.co/b9MqRZK
TIL that djvu is supposed to be pronounced as dejavu. makes more sense now...
ppl ought to realize that the 'good' guys are the bad guys and the 'bad' guys are the good guys. #random
random
if apple acquires twitter, i think i'll stop using it, as a sign of protest.
it seems i have tweeted &amp;gt;1000 tweets through the web interface. atleast one milestone reached before class, today...
ah. according to tweetstats, i tweeted more this month, than last month. and there's still a week left...
i admit defeat. i can't type too many tweets in a short span of time. i'd end up spamming people too.
and more importantly, most open source organizations have really nice ppl with whom you can interact with. #opensource
opensource
just realized that which organization you work for, doesn't matter much. whom you work with, does.
thanks! :)
i would really like if more of my friends use google+ regularly.
Hamirkalyani is an awesome raaga. #carnatic #music
carnatic
music
Android (Finally) Taking Steps Towards WebKit And&#160;Chromium via http://t.co/O7Ajxb5
and yeah. must begin studying for my cycle tests too. they start next week. secretly hope that they get postponed...
hmmm. i might have to do a video or a screencast of my gsoc project sometime soon. sounds good. will do it.
just noticed that my klout score seems to be rising quite steeply, of late...
84 tweets in 42 min?? that's 2 tweets per min. don't think i'd be able to reach 2000 tweets before morning class today...
thought that there will be a powercut at 8. nope. there isn't. yay!
Dhoni's preference: &quot;Veil, of course.&quot;
that completes one hour of trying to stay awake but dozing off. MUST.WAKE.UP!
i'd rather watch india's batting collapse, rather than see sachin score his 100th hundred in a losing cause in this shameful series.
open the innings. hit about half of the team's total. watch your mates get out. carry the bat. follow-on enforced. open the next innings.
can we see a 300+ score on the board now? plz plz.
dravid on 99...
&quot;Dravid might stay unbeaten this innings and have to come out again as an opener when India follow-on. That will require some real effort!&quot;
and gokulashtami poojai is on...
back to the old market.
microsoft does. :P
there's an app called smsBlocker on the android market that does that.
lol. hitler and hp. http://t.co/ivRSEY2
wow! just what I wanted! http://t.co/2QL7pZ4
what is that code in the background?
and why exactly am I not able to follow new people now?
and yeah, good morning folks. awesome weather at chennai...
twitter DOES need to roll out new features. improve lists, give some new designs, improve your people search, DO SOMETHING!!
Dash dot and more - Saar! Auto?: http://t.co/BRS5x9h
should write a twitter bot to find out which accounts are twitter bots.
lol. where do u search? twitter?
don't think so. they r emotionally drained after the world cup, kirsten's departure &amp; ipl. he would have taken care of tat.
really awesome! Clicking on hashtags seems to crash the app, though.
feels good to see some tweets abt myself. :P will retweet them now.
felt good to give a lightning talk at the #GTUGChn kickoff event today. :) #fb
GTUGChn
fb
that was an interesting video session with Shashank from Google. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
intro time. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
that is exactly what a service is!
and #GTUGChn kickoff has started. is delivering the keynote.
GTUGChn
why isn't any1 else tweeting about the gtug chennai kickoff event? #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
its actually &amp;gt; 150 million android activations now. :) #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
they're now playing that &quot;100 million Android activations&quot; video at #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
lol.
announcement by @ImKarthikK: #GTUGChn kickoff will start in 10 min. waiting for other enthusiasts.
GTUGChn
the first gtug chennai event is gonna start now... #GTUGChn #kickoff #fb
GTUGChn
kickoff
fb
New version of tweetdark free is much more awesome now!
Am at #GTUGChn now. With my parents. :P
GTUGChn
is it possible to get tickets for 2 people at the event? I have one and I'd be accompanying them.
any windows mobile/phone developers in India? whom can I connect with?
fake news: facebook buys palm. all social networks abuzz with 'facepalm' moments. @fakingnews
google+ completes me.
just woke up now n got to know about HP's future plans. BIG news.
good morning tweeps! have a wonderful day! :)
Conversation with Torvalds. http://t.co/GRySuUY
yikes! already 7 am! i can't stop reading these tech blogs.
not in the mood to go running now. will rather sit in room and code...
let us wait for it to dawn. we can at least see how wet the grounds are, behind our hostel. that'll give us some idea.
dunno. the ground might be wet. what shall we do?
good morning tweeps. :)
Long day...
Science: Five Little-Known Inventions From Deceased Robot Maker George C. Devol - http://t.co/4FPoXTj
haha http://t.co/uw3MDN8
even startup founders give lectures at UC Berkeley. so, my point is, becoming a prof is over-rated. i feel its not worth it.
twitter could do with a +1 button. i wouldn't want to favorite or retweet all interesting tweets.
and is awake now. can go jogging... :)
Kernel modules must have at least two functions: a &quot;start&quot; function called init_module() and an &quot;end&quot; function called cleanup_module()
ping me when u wake up. we'll go jogging.
oh, yeah. good morning tweeps. :)
Simply awesome - and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet http://t.co/Spdr4lQ. I hope I get one.
Will Google Lure Microsoft Into The Cellphone Briar&#160;Patch? via http://t.co/Qsm4feu
&#8220;Defending&#160;Android&#8221; via http://t.co/sqemUm1
something great is gonna happen today. i can sense it.
Apple&#8217;s Evidence In European Galaxy Tab Injunction Was Seriously Misleading&#8230; As In&#160;False via http://t.co/ebuFmyP
which one?
he got placed there? or is he our campus representative? @_iakkom
what is this about u and directi that i hear? @_iakkom
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE GOOGLE-MOTOROLA DEAL: Google Had To Do It--And It Could End Up Being A Disaster http://t.co/2UP6cXV
today's google doodle suddenly seems to look more like the motorola logo now...
maybe microsoft will acquire nokia now.
awesome news for google and android fans: google acquires motorola!
gonna make dosas of all varieties now... :)
eight tweets make a twyte.
what u upto, today?
good morning tweeps! :)
dad sure needs some rest now after driving for so long. as usual, i slept off during the boring parts of the journey. so, feeling fresh! :P
gosh! that trip to surutupalli was long, hot and tiring but it was fun and exciting at the same time too!
back home at last!
Off to surutapalli now.
finished gayatri japam now. :)
its my dad's bday today! happy birthday @simulation!
lol. what happened to gayatri japam? when u doing it?
its ok da. good morning! :)
i am NOT supposed to feel sleepy now after sleeping for such a long time today afternoon!! but i AM feeling sleepy...
u awake?
its goosebumps da
games on google+ are awesome!
time to rebel.
dang! slept for 4 hours again, in the morning!
happy aavani aavittam folks! just got back home after poonal changing ceremony... :)
why do i feel tired already? i must have slept for at least 3-4 hours today morning...
lol. even has a klout score of only 84.
disgusting sehwag.
u sure? i doubt it.
i just love typing nonsense on twitter!
klout is not a game, my friend.
hope to work on something related to twitter sometime soon...
dei dei. too much da! :P no football too, plz. :D
can everyone stop talking about cricket for a while? it hurts.
is any1 else having problems on facebook?
&quot;Your account is currently unavailable due to a site issue. We expect this to be resolved shortly. Please try again in a few minutes.&quot; - fb
is on a retweeting spree. if someone is following me on mobile, i'd suggest them to stop it for the next few days... :P #twitter #athome
twitter
athome
when will samsung galaxy tab 750 (10.1) be available on flipkart?
finally! the group has been created. welcome, fellow admin.
good morning tweeps! :)
got 20 min left to pack my stuff and here I am, before my comp, tweeting...
going to dosa mela at sangeetha's for dinner tonight. and then leaving for chennai. dear home, here I come!
whew! that was one hectic week at coll! glad that it has finally come to an end... almost.
windows mobile is over. i think u might be referring to windows phone...
good morning tweeps. another day nearly full of classes, coming up...
Evicted from my room by insects!! Gaah!
classes seem to be going fast. wouldn't say that about evening life...
fingers and arms screaming in pain! played mirudangam after months! feeling good. :)
The Hindu : Columns / Nirmal Shekar : Dravid deserves greater respect: http://t.co/akWrDII via @AddThis
Its important to keep ur ideas under wraps until u implement them.
this is the third continuous day that I am having a nearly-full day at college!! #eksi
eksi
planning to listen to classes from today... :)
oh. cool. asked because I got placed at Microsoft. was v curious n didn't know whom to ask. thanks anyway! :)
just wanted to clarify. Microsoft employees have the freedom to use non-Microsoft products like GNU/Linux as their OS, right?
already 11 am! gotta wash clothes b4 continuing work on #gsoc project... :(
gsoc
good morning tweeps! gotta get working. #gsoc
gsoc
wait. was the accident at sometime around 5pm in ecr road?
shit!! one of my closest childhood friends passed away today evening in a car accident!! shocked to get the news!!! :( :'(
Tired...
hi. i got to knw abt u in that html5.in conf last year at chennai where u talked abt css3. a doubt. do u work at microsoft hyd?
enjaai!
i hope that they don't chuck me out because i refuse to use the OS that they make... what am i supposed to do?
nope. forever GNU/Linux. more of an ubuntu fan actually...
damn! i never thought my twitter handle that way. i don't use windows... :P
what is windows xp?? (looks around to see if any1 else knows...)
Yawn! Good morning tweeps!
jus realized now. even the matrix had agent smith. #justsaying
justsaying
feeling depressed/angry/irritated/tired/sad?? listen to some music!
Awake at last... #goodmorning
goodmorning
feel sorry for mozilla! :( http://t.co/iOGbS46
bot from ur id to tweet greetings at regular intervals to specific people so that they don't feel that u r ignoring them. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
different forms of tweets that appear personalized to specific users. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
i believe and will have more #ideasfortwitter too.
ideasfortwitter
an AI program that tries to determine what ur mood is, from ur latest few tweets. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
a programming contest site that takes tweets as input programs for judging. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
let me a create a new hashtag on twitter and see how far it goes. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
my reaction wasn't for ur mokka. it was for getting placed in THAT company!
paappom paappom. either i won't be in THAT company or THAT company would have become the biggest champion of open source cos of me
angry that i'm being associated with something dumb. :P THEY WILL NEVER BUY MY VIEWS!! NEVER EVER!! NOOO....
my dad is live on radio at http://t.co/TNHUQix on aboorva raagangal part 2. 90.1 FM.
Fedora 7?? U must be kidding me!
congrats @_iakkom!! awesome job!
life's good when u have download speeds greater than 1.2Mbps.
wow! congrats guys! all the best for ur next round! u guys will surely get it!
ok. cool. i'll be going at 10.30. will come to room before that anyway. let me know if u change ur mind.
thanks da. my phone ran out of charge. i called her a few min back after putting it on charge. thanks anyway. :)
oh. cool. good luck with second round. :) btw, sp2hari is in garnet tonight and is leaving only tomo. coming at 10.30 to meet him?
back in room? what's ur interview status?
that's strange. i remember not being able to do an svn checkout from college...
interviews going on? good luck buddy. :) can u msg me when u r free? want to ask u something.
and the best gift on my star bday so far! commit access to the official wordpress android app! yay!! sign that i have finally grown up!
had an awesome dinner with the legendary @sp2hari!! planning to meet him again in a few hours. he is simply superb! learnt a lot from him.
Awesome star bday so far!!
Going to be the toughest exam of my life...
its disappointing days like these when I feel that I should stop watching/following cricket...
I believe that they came out with such an algo just for fun...
yep. :)
searching on google news for &quot;govind tiwari&quot; will give u a better picture...
he's a random guy who's infamous for creating the worst-looking blog one could ever create...
feels good to view a bit of nature whenever I look up away from my laptop. http://yfrog.com/h0tu9wgj
RT now just gonna wait for #basha to trend on twitter :)
basha
thanks to for gifting me these awesome headphones...
feels that headphones around one's neck look cooler than over one's head...
no. observed that i'm putting on weight. would love to start running long distances...
Integrating is tougher than developing stand alone parts of a program.
Must start running.
According to tweetstats, is the second highest person whom I have replied to, via twitter. The first is his old twitter handle...
Creativity is the father of Invention.
my situation is worse... :( couldn't go even though I had a ticket...
&quot;Lie! Run! Hide!&quot; Ya. Ok, right.
exactly.
There'll be a day when companies expect candidates to write program solutions in less than 140 characters...
lol. I wanted to say that first. But changed my mind later. :P Btw, did u just say 'apt'? I expected 'yum' from u...
someone with a rhyming nickname. where the nickname's first 3 letters are &quot;kay&quot;... ;) :P
I hereby christen my room as &quot;Anirudh's Laboratory&quot;.
did they just buy me and my views? no. they didn't. i still stand by what I've said...
Ayo kadavule! Some student next to me putting scene after first round. Irritating!!
vaazhkaikke machan...
Moral of the story: being good feels good.
When will I ever see a linux system being projected on the screen for these kind of presentations?
The organizing fellows from my coll r here. They're checking d sound system with some random music that sounds like a harmonica...
When was the last time that I arrived first at some place? This feels good...
No. I am not taking part in non-technical activities anymore...
what a lousy performance! :( #tc #srm
tc
srm
at ilab with @gklsndr...
awake at last...
That was another boring class. Relieved that I need not attend anymore for the day...
Sadly, I am so pazham that i'm scared to bunk classes...
WHAT.A.BORING.CLASS!!
TIL that Eric Schmidt was the co-author of LEX!
wow! awesome article da! thanks for sharing.
thank u! :)
thanks da. :)
didn't like it. expected more...
Disappointed with deivathirumagal...
Deivathirumagal with family now.
i think its karaharapriya da...
awesome bday gift! thanks!! :)
Had an awesome evening at bessie with parents!
ipl DOES improve cricket relations b/w countries. couldn't have expected pk n kp congratulate each other at the end of yday, if not for ipl.
now listening to Neevanti Daivamu Shadanana - Bhairavi raagam by Malladi Bros...
just realized that my typing speed has improved considerably over the past few weeks. touch typing finally seems to have paid off.
want inspiration? here it is... (in case u already haven't read it) :P http://t.co/kRKrCo1
oh. just realized that i have classes from 10.30 today. read it as 1.30 yday...
good morning tweeps. hope to have a better day today.
Shocked to know that google labs will be shut down!
That completes 2 boring classes for the day. Hope the next one is better...
Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me. #launch http://t.co/NlcH2PR via @vizualizeme
launch
only google can have white backgrounds, is it? i'll have a white background for my twitter profile too! (...pukes in the background later)
gnome3 is the worst thing that ever happened to fedora...
hmmm... how is twitter working properly on chromium - fedora 15 now?
i knew what today's google doodle was about, before clicking on it! that's because i was a bio student in 11th and 12th... :)
lol... http://t.co/lw3qzWg
@ home away from home... #spiderlab
spiderlab
Dear professor, if u r gonna teach us how to use the web, y dont u teach us how to brush our teeth, how to eat, etc as well?
I keep half-expecting the sites I write on my notebook, to automatically get converted into hyperlinks. @kgdinesh
yeah. official gingerbread update has been released! is it available in india? will have to check now...
so, now i am supposed to update my video card drivers and reinstall the adt plugin?? surely, this is a joke, right?
damn! i shouldn't have update my adt plugin...
enough of studying for the day...
where art thou?
back in college machis!
Nice. This compartment actually has got 2 plug sockets for every 8 seats, for charging laptops and mobile phones. and they actually work!
back home after shopping for clothes for bday. :)
god! still so sleepy...
lazy sunday afternoon...
:D just kidding
wait. I am an executive member of Amruthavarshini right? does it mean this? http://t.co/fX5PIoL
u should maybe try the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Load from snapshot&quot; options...
yay! android app is free from ads from the latest version! way to go!
last day of summer hols 2011. what do i do today? hmmm...
Tendulkar seems to have a long list of people who have got him out as their first wicket.
wow! thanks!
2 out of 3 electives? i think i'll drop kunwar....
hai! jolly! can timepass in daaktar's class...
hotot new UI doesn't appeal to me
experiencing awesome download speeds today!
is awake once again...
why am i suddenly having a download speed &amp;gt; 2Mbps ?? how come?
or break jagi's phone. u'll feel better. @ashwinjagadeesh
time to step on the gas pedal!
just realized that my phone's earphones are more comfy and provide a better effect than the normal earphones i lost a few days back...
am all the more motivated to work now! keep the cash flowing, guys... :P
passed midterms. :) congratulations to all other gsoc students who passed!
got a congratulatory mail now! thanks. :)
hey. sorry to bother you. just want to confirm. all procedures for midterm phase have been done from both our sides, right?
almost there...
font size? :P
at least commentary on cricinfo?
needs a chrome addon to convert all those hindi statements typed in english on facebook, to actual english statements. #cantunderstandathing
cantunderstandathing
i see many ppl use that da. was reminded by @ashwinjagadeesh's statement...
y do some ppl type &quot;come on&quot; as &quot;common&quot; ?? doesn't it mean something else?
gnome3 is worse than unity. u dont make me happy when i'm not able to customize u... :(
Nice post about Sammy. http://t.co/DBDI10B
thank u! thank u!
Iphone? Nope. My android. #customizability http://yfrog.com/klkitp
customizability
past 14 hours = 3 hours of sleep + 11 hours of coding!! whew!!
machi...  nee gethu da!
can't restrain myself from saying &quot;MUHAHAHA&quot; after writing some really nice code...
If I had been a twitter addict, I would've tweeted abt the minor road accident I witnessed outside my window jus now. But I'm not, u see...
first, i made my ubuntu look like a mac. now, my android looks like an iphone! :D #customizability
customizability
not yet. will try soon.
Reached home. Yay!
ya. Realized that. Wish the bar was thinner. The whole thing looks awesome anyway!
good luck! :D
Hope someone comes out with a lighter theme too, of tweetdeck...
Could do without that white bar between tweets though. #tweetdark
tweetdark
Wow! Tweetdark is awesome! Exactly what I wanted.
nice dp :-)
yep :-)
thanks. :)
Strange. Not getting sms for twitter replies...
we're on our way...
reached home?
market link for the app? Can't find it through mobile.
wru guys?
I think i'll have brunch today.
wru guys now?
Chanderpaul century! #whattaman
whattaman
who holds what positions in amruthavarshini for this year?
so what's the news from coll? what do we take with us?
do i integrate twitter with google+? nah, i don't think so. at least not yet.
working during weekends gives a nice feeling... :)
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! &amp;lt;pause&amp;gt; noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!
:D :P
oops! meant &quot;3rd year hols&quot; in my prev tweet...
wait. even if i return home in a few days, is today the last day of my 3rd sem hols?
thanks to my mentor's dvorak keyboard, i had an awesome voice chat with him today! :P
night out dhaan today! never have been so excited about my project, now that i've completely understood everything that is reqd!
just realized the power of discussing things thru skype over discussing the same thing thru irc channels!
don't think so...
i forgot. i got some amruthavarshini post right? :P what was it?
for those who use w3schools: http://t.co/WnerSoI
as usual. cheapness. http://t.co/KVcHEmW
in fact, its my backup mentor whom i'm interacting with, for the past few days. he has lived a few months in india! :D he knows. :)
both my mentors r v cool. they don't mind all this. but i feel ashamed to tell them how pathetic our country is....
lol. not him da...
ashamed to tell my mentor that i couldn't come online because of the power cut here in TN! WHERE IS MY CONTINUOUS POWER SUPPLY, CM??
yay! power back at last.... can now get back to work!
Worst day of hols ever! Think its a 9-5 power cut! all work stalled...
bleddy mosquitoes, y u stab me?
Androinica &#187; Android Market website ratings: a week of rants, reviews, and reality checks: http://t.co/Oq6aXK6 via @AddThis
elders say that only studies soru podum. i am hungry right now. what am i supposed to study?
omg! is truly awesome!! u might love it too!
3 maidens in a row! http://t.co/HsgpERL
u don't need to have a comp. how abt a mobile app? would be great to receive more of ur tweets...
AAAAAND... &amp;chbh=a does the trick! thanks to my mentor for pointing out how stats are implemented in the ios app! :)
and the new honda city arrived today! congrats @simulation!!
i want to make rage comics on some of my coll mates...
its not even 12 hours since i woke up but the day seems long... must be because i am working...
what is Kieswetter doing?? allow Cook to score a century!!
come on cook! get that century!!
cook seems to be playing his best odi innings ever!!
so, facebook decides to ask users to download an exe file for video chat?? that doesn't work even under wine for me... facebook is fail.
How to Sell Like Steve Jobs http://t.co/9Bcs9q5 via @copyblogger
sure! leaving to coll on sunday.
cool. thanks! :)
considering free anti-virus s/w for mom's netbook. ur suggestion? is avast still good?
love the background music too! http://t.co/U0cFiNf
have always loved these wafers...
yep. most of my work would finish by next week anyway...
cleaning up my inbox. setting up new filters b4 i leave to college...
some ppl don't use the reply button in twitter. wonder why...
am back on twitter!
rain!!
suddenly, life seems good...
taking up the job of fixing the algorithmist website and updating stuff, as my responsibility. does any1 want to join?
Facebook to launch its own country to take on Google Plus: http://t.co/IK5oKtB
Twitter Is Obscenely Profitable http://t.co/TphfLb5
ada paavingala! chennai not available as an option yet... cha.
wait. was the &quot;Add my location&quot; option available earlier for chennai tweeters? nice...
awesome! http://t.co/ofaUAYT
IBM develops 'instantaneous' memory, 100x faster than flash http://t.co/pamLr0v via @engadget
lol http://t.co/vJaVu0W
some prob with my android virtual devices. they crashed &amp; had to be force closed. seems a few of them were running in the bground...
omg! i just now realized why my lappy was heating up like a furnace...
my thought process, instead of &quot;oh! map is a hash! oh! dictionary is a hash too!&quot;, is &quot;oh! map is a dictionary!&quot;. i learnt python b4 c++ stl
what happened?
if u post that u'd need just one mark to pass, a sadist teacher would 'like' it, while a nice teacher would +1 it. #googleplusvsfb #mokka
googleplusvsfb
mokka
oh. i don't think the it'll get released officially before aug 30. that's when my project officially ends.
dei! the wordpress app has been in the market for a loooong time. i am working on it to 'improve' it...
Manmohan Singh laughs out loud at Ranbir Kapoor&#8217;s DoCoMo joke: http://t.co/yoUBap8
wait. Google! U r supposed to inform me when I get access to Google+!! Not wait for me to find out on my own...
I still can't figure out where my code exceeds the time limit!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh....... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!! TLE!
i'd dump facebook for google plus any day! now, if only someone would send me an invite...
gave off 2 of my shirts which i had outgrown, to my maid servant for her son. been quite some time since i last did that. feels good. :)
when u feel bad for having committed a mistake but dunno whom to apologize to, append #sorryshaktiman to ur tweet... :P
sorryshaktiman
omg! a c++ program has been waiting for input in my terminal, since morning. noticed only now. #sorryshaktiman
sorryshaktiman
I think it is during the evening only. Anyway, not adyar. Mandaveli today.
grand sweets dhonnai! \m/
must be due to that coldact that i refused to take but was finally forced to...
waking up after nearly 14 hours of sleep...
century only now. :( but better late than never...
darn headache!!
If life provided me an auto-complete option, i'll tab my way through final year of college...
oh. hostel fees by 20th july is it? I was worried that it might be 20th june or something like that...
I have no idea about date. I remember seeing some notice in hostel about payment of fees. What was that about?
when should we pay college fees? Is the date over or something? I remember seeing some notice...
ppl start thinking only when they shed their ego...
whatay sleep that was!
what's worse than lazy noobs? conceited lazy noobs!!
TIL what the DRY priniciple is...
hai! nice new youtube... :)
write code - check. write report - check. commit code - not authorized to commit!! u kidding me??
report submitted! can go to sleep peacefully now... :)
just realized something. u'd have to enable the snapshot feature while creating the avd...
hic... i must somehow stop these hiccups. hic...
linux
oh. i use only froyo... never knew abt gingerbread...
best to use the avd manager as u r doing. when u create one, and click &quot;Start...&quot;, u'lll see the options. saw in some blog.
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
googling about this problem would help u better...
have u heard abt sukumar prasad? he used to play carnatic music on guitar. no news of him for years. trying to find him...
it'll take time to close too. the next time when u launch the avd, remove the save to snapshot option as it is set the 1st time
it is usually slow the first time. b4 starting the avd, set the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Launch from snapshot&quot; in avd manager
...and i hate eclipse too...
i HATE my AVD's...
there is more to this code than that meets the eye...
had a gut feeling that it will rain today. so it does! awesome!
argh! everything is so complicated!! life is full of dilemmas...
a mistake that i keep repeating is that i give preference to clean, reusable code even when time is running out.
lol. mishra seems to be the highest scorer after dravid in this innings. well played.
dravid top-edges bishoo to give mid-on a simple catch. that's the end of a v fine century and the indian innings...
dravid six!! u don't see that v often...
nice innings from mishra. sharma on strike now.
ouch! sammy tempts mishra with a loose delivery outside off. mishra simply cuts it, only for third man to collect the catch easily.
Facebook Connect Updated | Codechef: http://blog.codechef.com/2011/06/23/facebook-connect-updated/
and just when i was thinking that rampaul wasn't leaking runs, mishra hits him for 2 consecutive audacious fours!
50 run partnership between dravid and mishra now!
i just love ravi rampaul's bowling! makes the batsman earn every run...
yay!! dravid century!! awkward shot but still an awesome innings...
dravid nudges the last ball of the over to third-man to take a single. moves on to 99.
with a leg glance to mid-on, dravid takes a single to move on to 98 now...
dravid on 97 now...
why would i want to sleep during the night when an india test series gives me company?
wow!!
even my parents find the weather here in Chennai to be horrible. and by that, I mean that I am not fussing.
ah. it is v cool and pleasant in Chennai during night time... WITH THOSE AC's SWITCHED ON, OF COURSE!!!
oops! was referring to a wrong file now. names of files should differ by more than just one character...
i feel that dark themes appeal more to me than the light ones...
after a few weeks, i think i can say that fedora 15 with gnome 3 is worse than ubuntu 11.04 with unity...
that was one long nap! don't even remember at what time I dozed off b4 the comp...
what is the quickest way to invoke nautilus? i think Alt+F2-&amp;gt;.-&amp;gt;Enter
one koshtin. was symbian really bad?
feeling really comfortable about twitter only now . cos of twidge...
I am using twidge to tweet about it! lol. https://github.com/jgoerzen/twidge/wiki nice.
system slows down drastically while running firefox 5 on ubuntu...
no auto-complete in firefox 5 too! disappointed...
netbooks are just perfect! but mom doesn't allow me to install ubuntu in hers... :P
then go for a netbook! simple. :P
lol. according to me, laptops can't be replaced b4 2020.
ah! voice! the form of input i dislike the most. i'd look like a chatterbox while tweeting, won't be able to do personal stuff, etc
its difficult to hold tablets and type at full speed at the same time... it might not be as convenient as laptops.
i wouldn't want to use a desktop while sitting on the bed, sofa or anywhere outdoors. that's why laptops originated, right?
so, if tablets are going to be docked and worked with, using a manual keyboard, i'll still call it a laptop.
nothing beats the convenience of a manual keyboard and a screen which u don't have to hold, for long usage.
i thought u meant bigger size for convenient usage...
what is the difference between an oversized mobile phone that shrinks and a normal mobile phone?
what?? u say there'll be oversized mobile phones and they'll shrink. we already have them!
will an oversized mobile phone even fit in our pockets?/
by 2020?
lol. I am already on it for a long time. In fact, even my parents use dropbox...
why suddenly now? isn't Dropbox old and famous?
can i know how u built it? there isn't any for chrome yet.
usb consumes less power. power consumption for phone 2g&amp;lt;3g&amp;lt;wifi&amp;lt;wifi hotspot, i think.
sad fact is, it doesn't matter much, even if i do get hit by a bus... :P
stupid me. i have all along connected my android phone to comp thru usb to use the internet. just realized the portable hotspot feature now.
wow! just now realized that the spoj rank tracker on firefox was done by you!
TIL I learnt what Bus Factor is...
going through my project history on its blog now...
Kasab offers to share the menu card for long term jail inmates, with kanimozhi... #fakenews
fakenews
Awesome 3g speeds all of a sudden!
most of ur followers seem to be bots or unknown ppl, y r u even tweeting?? aale illaadhe kadaikku tea aatharaiya? :P
my bro is still a twitter noob. i think i'll troll him... :P
celebrating special days like father's day isn't about showing ur love on that day. it is to remind how u have to be always...
every day when I wake up, I search online news for the official release of gingerbread for my samsung galaxy ace...
which phone?
the ind vs eng test series promises to be awesome!
ian bell has always been underrated... awesome series for him!
rm -rf /* ?
my bro's on twitter finally. he registered long back but never tweeted. irony is, his name is his twitter handle: @adithya
AOL Hell: An AOL Content Slave Speaks Out &#171; News http://t.co/MxlXJcE via @thefastertimes
good morning tweeps! that was one hectic week. hoping to have a nice weekend...
i sure have earned my weekend this time!!
very difficult to code when mood out...
its split into 500, 2250 and 2250. 500 now.
yikes! seems citi accounts are being hacked and some gsoc students have lost their money! thankfully, i still have mine! headin to atm now!!
http://yfrog.com/kjf8pkj windows... the real world is beyond.
I think i'll try my hands on photography soon...
my first purchase on flipkart...
which version? what's the problem?
Like the tweetdeck post widget on my home screen...
yeah. fb groups r awesome. I meant that fb apps hv a huge impact. not huge hit.
I get silly stuff on my news feed from some of them. need to go block them. they think everyone is so eager to knw wt they're upto
buzz includes gmail contacts. fb provides apps. and tht is a HUGE thing. but on fb, wtvr I post goes to ALL my friends n relatives
interesting stuff like videos and links. I want to find old friends n mantain contact. Not follow whatever they're upto.
Posting what u r upto right now,on fb feels like bragging,to me. I wud've followed u on twitter,if I hd been remotely interested in all tat
Why does tweetdeck show user details only in portrait view?
personally would like chrome browser to replace the android default browser on phones
i feel that the biggest competitor to chrome os or chrome browser on phones will be google itself, through android
I dunno which looks better: ubuntu 11.04 with macbuntu theme, fedora 15 with gnome 3, windows 7 or the chromium os i'm using right now...
nope
why don't u have a proper twitter dp yet?
don't ever to do a &quot;note to self&quot; on twitter. do a instead.
upgraded chrome to 12.0.742.100. hopefully i can play flash videos better now.
i have ALWAYS felt that chrome is better than firefox. i meant that shifting to firefox from chrome is almost impossible for me.
i will think of permanently switching over to firefox only if the address bar autocompletes what i'm typing.
lol. now it seems unfair, is it? http://t.co/SdiJnS3
no da. i really meant it. heading over to stackoverflow.com...
post ur queries at http://t.co/yyIRXXV :P
On a more serious note, I better get back to work.
Come on twitter! Give me more useless information for me waste time on.
feel like puking at windows start menu search. not working for months and no easy solution to it.
my twitter password has been changed to ******** (its hashed. so my original password might not have the same number of letters.) :P
yep. http://t.co/Q2Zndei
lol. what happened after that?
really wish that the next version of firefox autocompleted my url just like chrome...
why didn't headlines today do an extensive coverage about the issue before he died? plz take it up atleast now.
just a few more seconds for kate to get installed on windows...
what's their reason?
does searching on wikipedia help?
framework in what sense?
expected more from safari. not up to the mark...
this worked. http://t.co/kzhXIw0 just modified the solution in the first reply and it worked without a hitch.
recovered my Windows 7 at last, after a partial night-out!! Yay!! Triple booting Ubuntu 11.04, Fedora 15 and Windows 7 now!
Congrats!!
those guys are straining themselves to dig the road. they just don't realize that pouring something equivalent to rainwater will do the job.
http://yfrog.com/kf1lkaj suspicious looking men digging up the road in the middle of the night, outside my home. traffic sign put up though
i know it has awesome specs but not an absolute must for coll goers like us. there'll be somethin btr when we start working.
of course, i meant that galaxy ace is awesome enough for me in my previous tweet...
galaxy s2 seems worth it only if u have a deep pocket. it is almost double the price of my galaxy ace which is awesome enough for me.
thanks anyway. i have been without windows for quite a few months. would be prefer a completely risk-free approach to recover.
yes. but no official upgrades for it in india yet. http://t.co/6Kz3VEy
have kinda heard abt it. of course, i replaced fedora's grub to ubuntu's grub2.
u got an iphone or are u in a showroom? how is the native twitter app?
i have no idea! :P i never spent time understanding what all that meant. just wanted to have the latest distro! :P
Why I love and hate having a smartphone - The Oatmeal http://t.co/cJNlrTW via @Oatmeal
lol. &quot;might&quot;? that makes me a bit scared to try...
Help required. How do I recover Windows 7 after Ubuntu and Fedora install? Exact problem here: http://t.co/uDyU6TF
go outside and close the door. :P :D
is this the end of scheduled powercuts?
i have started loving my project much much more, all of a sudden!! dunno why exactly though...
i rarely use torrents...
Setting up Kate snippets http://wp.me/pP4hy-2B
i think it means playing only for pride. there is not much else to win, once the series is lost.
am all set for a heavy nap this afternoon. slept late, woke up early. perfect.
awesome profile pic!
have u tried freecharge.in? i think its good. works fine for me everytime.
searching for &quot;macbuntu 11.04&quot; on google shows my blog as the 3rd option and searching for &quot;macbuntu on ubuntu 11.04&quot; shows it as the first!
I'm at Anna Centenary Library (Kotturpuram, Chennai) http://4sq.com/ljWKEL
exactly!
? so?
where old woodlands drive-in was. near gemini flyover. parents say it is near stella maries coll.
yep
Semmozhi poonga is okay... Not awesome or anything.
aaathaaaa!! naa pass aaaayiten!!!
lol. jus saw the account. Ippo enna panna pora?
I shifted to chrome the next day. :P Echofon is the best for ff. Love the side pane option.
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 3 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2p
wanted to watch Alice in Wonderland since a long time back. found it in bro's lappy today. sweet.
lol. no. its going to be Alice in Wonderland...
mood out. need something to distract myself...
exactly...
learning to play the guitar with the help of today's google doodle is the in-thing now...
after 3 days of breaking my head over a bug, i show my code to my mentor. he points it out in a few seconds...
pains with/without glasses. finding it difficult to adjust to it.
please headache.leave me alone,
sick or slick?
Maaveeran in tamil...
it hurts whatever power u have. u must be knowing that. been without glasses for almost a week now. strain.
Power back after 310 minutes...
4 hours 15 minutes now. Even college was better...
Alwarpet.
3 hours and 15 minutes without power now...
2 hours and 15 minutes. still no signs of power coming back...
maybe a leg count of 44,000
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 2 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2g
enough blogging for the day. planning to come up with more tomorrow. till then, good night tweeps.
Still don't believe me? http://wp.me/pP4hy-2f
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 1 http://wp.me/pP4hy-26
I remember the first time I came upon svn. I couldn't figure out what exactly it was, for quite a few days... :P
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 0: http://wp.me/pP4hy-24
ya. -0.5 in left eye. headache for the past few days...
gotta wear glasses from tomorrow... :(
Macbuntu in Ubuntu 11.04 http://wp.me/pP4hy-1V
is my excessive sleeping due to my current eye prob or has it become a habit or is it just laziness? can any of my medical friends clarify?
it used to be one hour earlier...
gah! that 2 hour powercut was irritating!
one more #kde application that I love: Basket!!
kde
back on twitter. nothing can stop me now.
Sad that almost everyone seems to support either one of the two sides, both without any credibility. #babavscong
babavscong
I don't trust any baba or godman.
Manmohan Singh needs a magic wand. U r not a street magician. U r the pm. Shows that u yourself r either inept or corrupt. Disgusting!
Tiwary evades the questions posed to him and runs away...
Dei, tiwary, answer those qsns by Jethmalani now!
and the week starts... #mondaymorningblues
mondaymorningblues
listening to music after so many days!
chennai's weather is no different from trichy's. :(
&quot;trust-me-jayabalan&quot; or &quot;trust me, jayabalan&quot; ? :P
what happened to me??
Some kids from US are so well behaved. But most are not. #sad #fact
sad
fact
So, do I have any more of these ill-mannered brat-from-US relatives?
Just got to know that Ganesh and Kumaresh are distance relatives of mine. :-)
sitting in a random park in bangalore and working on lappy. awesome weather too...
games!! Heavy games!!
Damn! I think must wear glasses now! :(
Ouch! Came to bangalore for a marriage. it seems the bride's dad passed away yday n marriage postponed!
so, did u actually send ur 1000th tweet to me?? :P ;)
that was development da. this is programming...
ouch! so out of touch that i am struggling to solve programming problems now... :(
Dunno whether to laugh or cry - &quot;Chinese teen sells his kidney for an iPad 2 - Telegraph http://t.co/UbFgrH3 &quot;
Government releases official yoga position to remove corruption: http://t.co/exQJfyP
Why Facebook is Scared of Twitter - http://t.co/37n6bbP
hurray! my code works properly now!!
I still can't believe that some ppl still trust this govt!! minister-steals-a-telephone-exchange-loots-bsnl: http://t.co/h6jnVhy
Oracle 'donates' OpenOffice.org to Apache foundation | ZDNet UK http://t.co/vQbWdzS
my first-ever screencast! :P http://youtu.be/WiA0CGh2UkE
can u make the Twitter id in the website linked to the twitter account and clickable?
dei, dk. when u r putting up a link, don't put a full stop immediately after it. twitter recognizes it as a part of that link!
not exactly. i made it a point to change my twitter background everyday. that's all.
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;After the Rain&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
ouch! installed some random twitter background only to realize that, that site had spammed my twitter timeline too...
i live in alwarpet and it is raining here
and the rain starts! perfect weather.
woke up just now. looked up at the sky to find it absolutely dark at 4.30pm!!
Heavy lunch, warm weather, power cut, pleasant music... zzzzz...
yay! life is so much simpler now. i can code what i intended to do, now... #android
android
ah. now i realize that there is a compatibility library for older api versions, to implement fragments...
so badly want fragments and action bar to be back-ported to at least api level 8! would be so much easier to code then... #android
android
cool. jayalalitha saw me now. she must be privileged... :P
i am being plagued by something like this... https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/compiz/+bug/778490
:D RT: @Aarthi_2410: toxic dose of ur thathuvam. Am already hyperventilating :-D
not yet. all the way, flags, banners and posters standing...
think tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha would be passing through the road, where my home is, today...
when u have an opportunity to do a good deed, do it. one of them might go a long way... #thathuvam
thathuvam
good morning tweeps. this is a fine morning...
ah! very tired now. gonna sleep early and wake up early. new habit from now on.
goodbye bad habits!
had a wonderful time with every1 during grandma's 80th birthday celebration!
Grandma's 80th bday celebration! (@ Matsya Restaurant) http://4sq.com/ipH10Y
I will RT this now. :P
Grandma's 80th star bday today. Returning home from kapaleeshwarar temple now.
yes. it did. :-)
Booked tatkal tickets with my #android thru #opera with #3g. #win
android
opera
3g
win
http://yfrog.com/h0ls0dnj My new tshirt from :-)
Linus Renames 2.6.40 Kernel To Linux 3.0, Announces Release Candidate http://t.co/KOIPigt
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Garden Wallpaper&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
yay! got my first t-shirt from now! looks great!
#ubuntu11.04 - #chrome.  #fedora15 - #firefox. #android - #opera.
ubuntu11
chrome
fedora15
firefox
android
opera
#opera on android is super awesome!
opera
went on a #firefox add-on download spree! sooo many add-ons now! yay!
firefox
of course, its obvious what it is. but why the underscore?
leaning towards #firefox more than #chrome now...
firefox
chrome
RT dai y did u change ur name??
ROFL! SO TRUE!! RT: @krishashok: Back after a break. Late night snack #tambrahmrage http://bit.ly/jP9K48 by and @krishashok
tambrahmrage
Good morning tweeps.
there! it crashed again!!
u kidding? my 11.04 keeps crashing at least 5 times in a day!! dunno y.
damn! #ubuntu! stop crashing!!
ubuntu
just had a epiphany! time to set my priorities right...
think i solved my problem of forgettin #topcoder #srm's. setup #google calendar to remind me thru emails, popups and #android notifications.
topcoder
srm
google
android
how abt applying for indian citizenship? :P ;)
Back home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Home) http://4sq.com/l2YweE
I just became the mayor of Anirudh's Home on @foursquare! http://4sq.com/jeoQbu
introducing my mom to #dropbox now. :-)
dropbox
At Grandparents' Home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Grandparents' Home) http://4sq.com/keBSg6
RT @lut4rp:  I'm not &quot;on&quot; twitter. It's asynchronous. If I get a notification and the message needs a reply, I will.
the more i use twitter, the less i use facebook...
#NowPlaying Shri Maha Ganapathe by Balaji Shankar - Abhogi Raagam - Kanda Chapu Thaalam
NowPlaying
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Moonlit Meadow&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
this is more complex than i thought...
accidental power nap! :P
no dhoni for WI tour...
i always seemed to like #firefox #addons more than #chrome #extensions. the way chrome displays its extensions doesn't appeal to me...
firefox
addons
chrome
extensions
time for an haircut...
good morning tweeps! feels great to have parents back at home!!
yeah! but i keep missing almost every srm!
HATE MYSELF!! missed registering for today's #topcoder #srm today too! was watching csk bash rbc around...
topcoder
srm
any luck with ur phone? tried &quot;Wheres My Droid&quot; ?
lol. I don't think I've ever recorded a video from this phone. Never thought about it. :-P
galaxy ace s5830. Really good.
my first salary is still sleeping in my gsoc atm withdrawal card. badly want to get something BIG for my parents with my first salary...
not everyone does.
u there at #rubyconfindia?
rubyconfindia
what about Settings-&amp;gt;About phone ?
some lady complaining on a news channel that gold prices are too high for middle class ppl like her. y buy gold then?? #showoff
showoff
lol! Ha ha!
Wow! mobile.twitter.com is awesome!
meant that too under editor... :P RT: @batusaix911: or like an IDE :D
life is like a text editor. u may not like what u have, but u can always customize it to be the way u like it... #thathuvam
thathuvam
this article might convince you. http://www.androidtapp.com/wheres-my-android/
i think the default text msg is &#8220;Wheres my Droid&#8221;. u might want to be there in the location before msging.
of course, i mean installing through web. http://bit.ly/jElUjm
i am trying to say that u can install it now too, through the android market. u wouldn't have to confirm at the other end...
I'm one of the first in line for the &quot;One Page Twitter Dashboard&quot; from #TwitSprout. Join me  http://t.co/GgTLq6j via @TwitSprout
TwitSprout
seems that #mci delhi is heading towards the same scenario as that of mci chennai. good start, then becoming absolutely boring...
mci
y don't u check?
i just followed 4 guys who were tweeting about #mci delhi. my timeline is full of their tweets now... :P
mci
just when i was thinking whether my eyes were tricking me into believing that the twitter details pane was thinner... http://tnw.co/jWI2U6
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.alienmanfc6.wheresmyandroid
u can install Where is my Droid through the market place onto your phone and make it ring...
no kung fu panda tickets available in satyam for tomorrow. inox website not working properly...
i can't believe that is following me on twitter!! feel so honored...
when u r not hungry but still want to munch on something, don't go for junk food. try munching green bean sprouts instead. #healthytweets
healthytweets
lol. he won't read my tweets da. don't worry. :P
The Da Vinci Code was running on Sony Pix now. The poor direction reminded me of Sachin's poor captaincy in yday's match...
no da. am trying out new themes daily. tweeting abt them so that my followers can try them out too...
i completely forgot that i have an extra white panel for my mobile! i think i will try it out now...
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Rectangles&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps. have a great saturday!
yeah. remastered ubuntu. http://www.oslike.se/
googling about macbuntu might help. most of those sites have screenshots...
yes, it did! sadly macbuntu doesn't seem to available for ubuntu 11.04 yet. i think those guys are making it a fork of ubuntu.
and of course, for the mac experience, i was using macbuntu on my ubuntu 10.10 for a few months... :P
btw, i haven't attempted recovering Windows in my lappy. Windows7 doesn't figure in my bootloader. not interested in it either.
lol. I downloaded Chromium OS a few months back and installed it on my pendrive and tried it. :P don't use it much though...
no no. I had Eclipse in Fedora 14. Now have it in Ubuntu 11.04. overwrote Fedora 14 with 15. So, downloading Eclipse for 15...
i think i'll just download eclipse and android sdk in fedora 15 too, to be safe. will be my download for the night...
i think i'll be done with my work by tomorrow morning. gonna sleep now. gotta wake up early tomorrow.
#guake looks very nice in #fedora 15...
guake
fedora
@dorait: any tech meetups this weekend in chennai? been a long time since I attended any. dunno where exactly to find...
did u have a look at samsung galaxy ace s5830? i think it is pretty good. ~15k. worth every penny.
good night. :)
i think u were waiting for such an opportunity to tweet about, throughout the tournament! :P
has firefox plugin-finder service EVER found adobe flash plugin? i think not. #firefox4
firefox4
why are the firefox guys so keen on maintaining space for the title bar? would like it be how it is, in chrome. #firefox4
firefox4
browser is where twitter is... #echofon #firefox4
echofon
firefox4
sadly twitter.com is crashing even in chromium... #fedora15
fedora15
although i might want csk to face mi, i think rcb deserves to get into the finals, more... #ipl
ipl
frankly saying, MI must produce such a performance today, to make the world believe that it deserves to get into the finals. #ipl
ipl
sometimes, major decisions in life might be based just on small reasons... #thathuvam. like changing browsers, for example...
thathuvam
gnome3 might not be perfect, but #fedora did the right thing by moving to gnome3 if they wanted to stand upto ubuntu and compete. good job!
fedora
#gnome3 looks good. but cannot say that it is very customizable...
gnome3
that's strange! twitter.com keeps crashing in chrome fedora 15...
ani who? me?? i dont even have windows on my system since february!
100th century at Lords would be the best!!
lol. no right click almost everywhere!! #gnome3 #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
typical. firefox occupies more screen space than necessary in #gnome3. #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
fedora 15 is good. i like it. :)
tweeting from fedora 15 &quot;Lovelock&quot; live cd. gnome 3... i think i'll take it.
downloaded #fedora 15 once again! hope it works properly this time...
fedora
some #kde programs that #gnome might never be able to beat: kate, yakuake and k3b.
kde
gnome
the Jura mountains in Switzerland.
#lessinterestingbooks Bored Ultimatum
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks Harry Potter and the Bengal Prince
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks  Harry Potter and the Prisoners of Tihar
lessinterestingbooks
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Daytime Daffodil&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps!
I earned the Lone Wolf sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/kyC9ft
proteinex is the best!
RT Awesome free ebook of startup wisdom from Hiten Shah, Noah Kagan, Patrick McKenzie and others http://bit.ly/MicroConf2
Anirudh S looted a cool item at http://t.co/Y7Vo6bE 0 ago
wow! that sure would be superb!
lol. my coll's curriculum is pathetic! the teaching is worse... just passion to write code drives us forward...
sure. right now or long term? i study at nit trichy. 3rd year btech comp sci. right now working on the app... :P
yeah. working on the existing android app of wordpress...
AAAAND... ITS MY 1000TH TWEET!! 4 figures. ;) &quot;dedicate&quot; it to my amma - - the best mom in the whole world!!
some stats: 50% download of fedora 15 over. today is my mom's star bday. this is my 999th tweet. ;)
kinda yes. dunno what to plan...
dunno. parents wouldn't be at home...
would like a tweeple meetup at chennai. would be fun! any1 up for it?
thanks da. :)
the starter kit contains a pen, some documents to be read, a cute notebook and the prepaid card... #gsoc
gsoc
yay! got my google summer of code starter kit now ! :-)
wait. when did fedora 15 stable get released? @kadithya: u know?
klout is cool. i like it. @klout
just had tomato soup made my grandma! was awesome! perfect for this weather...
very cloudy here. might rain later in the day... :)
wow! awesome weather at chennai today!
good morning tweeps. will be working the whole day today...
timeline problem - Twitter Status http://t.co/tbMoSRo via @twitter
still not able to recover my timeline... what is going on??
what just happened? my timeline disappeared! #twitter
twitter
want a a csk vs mi finals this year too. after all, noone would mind losing to SRT. of course, i'd expect csk to win! #ipl #csk #whistlepodu
ipl
csk
whistlepodu
why would ravi shastri have to carry his personal computer along with him to tweet? he can always tweet from his mobile. #ipl
ipl
why should I implement a GridView? I can as well implement nested Linear Layouts if i know how many elements i'm using...  #android
android
whattacatch! #whattaman #srt
whattaman
srt
just received 2 coupons for discount of 100Rs on Inkfruit t-shirts, through freecharge. can i use both coupons on the same tshirt?
omg. just now woke up after a loooooong sleep.
ok
cycling in the evening. will check availability of movie tickets.
ya. some1 online.
hard-fought draw! feels great after being on the brink of losing...
must be greater in size or space than what's allowed...
y don't u have a proper twitter dp?
if u already haven't bought an inkfruit tee #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
if u r gonna tweet just to win free t-shirts #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
in my college, comp sci subjects are taught better in other depts like EEE and ICE. sad. and would agree...
neatly explained solution for second shortest path. http://bit.ly/mIJXwk
wow! linux using javascript! http://bellard.org/jslinux/
feel like going through topcoder algorithm tutorials now...
and how is it that i have never come upon this? it is just awesome!  http://oeis.org/
this is good. http://jlongster.com/s/dom3d/ lags a bit in my browser though...
&quot;The distance between two points on a sphere will be proportional to the chord connecting them.&quot; hmmm...
http://groups.google.com/group/algogeeks is the link. u can join the group if u r interested. (a li'l spammy though)
solution didn't exceed expectations. typical O(log n) solution only. but one nice obsvn. not considering leading zeros. so n always odd...
reading a discussion on finding whether the binary representation of a number is a palindrome or not...
ubuntu mouse pointer lag hurts... painful to see it move across slowly...
so, i guess i'll go read those mails for the next one hour... #algogeeks
algogeeks
abt 550 mails in my mailbox under the label algogeeks. been filtering and storing them for a long time without reading them properly...
is planning to go on a tweet spree soon. mobile followers, if any, please be warned...
nothing motivates me better than failure! let the coding begin...
damn! so close to submitting solution to 500 problem! #topcoder
topcoder
&quot;error: declaration of &#128;&#152;std::vector&amp;lt;coin&amp;gt; coins&#128;&#153; shadows a parameter&quot; - very helpful. thank u! #sarcasm
sarcasm
when was the last time i saw dawn??
there! this is my twitter theme for the day.
I just rated 9 Superhero Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/kEVgGy
am thinking of getting myself a t-shirt from seems good...
feel good to wake up early! especially this early!!
it feels funny when u sleep for long and wake up at the time when u usually go to sleep daily...
32 degrees C. chennai alwarpet.
some guy in my timeline retweeted stuff from microsoft about windows phone and all that... immediately unfollowed him.
lol. i AM planning to... :P
wow! that was awesome! my new cycle is very comfortable, i must say! exceeded my expectations. full 10 out of 10!
time to go cycling! :-)
almost dozed while watching tv... i dont even remember what i was watching... back to work.
RT @cricinfo_news: Anand Ramachandran on the awesomeness of Chris Gayle | Page 2 | ESPN Cricinfo http://t.co/hDMJorf
interested in learning magic tricks? watch Indrajit Murali in sri sankara channel at 1pm on weekdays. he's really good...
i'd say zaheer khan instead of bollinger or praveen kumar...
gotta resume working now...
yay! connected to the internet thru ubuntu!!
my ubuntu not connecting to my wireless connection even after multiple restarts. dunno why...
y isnt my internet connection working???
want to put the netbook at home to good use. any suggestions?
changed my twitter background after a looong time. feels fresh and different now. must remember to do it often...
to sleep or not to sleep? irritated that code isn't working. not sleepy either...
very misleadingly titled article...
Rahul Gandhi
i think u look the same even now! (tat foto)
dhoni can't do anything wrong today! de villiers goes... #ipl #csk
ipl
csk
peanut butter
t-shirt or shirt?
Get free coupons with every mobile recharge http://t.co/y7HgnEJ via @freechargein
dmk complains that Rebecca Black was responsible for their 2nd successive horrible friday. makes &quot;tgif&quot; taboo within party.
yeah! me too.
if they had been THAT brave enough, they would have surrendered on their own...
i dedicate my 900th tweet to @simulation! he's my dad and he's fun to follow on twitter...
now plz shut that stupid channel down...
news channels...
for all those who pronounce kanimozhi as kanimoli or kanimoyi, this is the way to do it. http://vocaroo.com/?media=vmXAMIUIrhbl6CGWr
i think i might move over permanently from vlc to banshee for music...
Support #Android, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/3c9veB - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
Android
twibbon
Support #WordPress, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/6HK8am - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
WordPress
twibbon
I earned the Check-in Rookie sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/llWuUm
I just rated 12 Animation Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/j5eVSr
i dont think i'll have a use for fedora anymore... installed eclipse, adt plugin and other necessary stuff in ubuntu 11.04...
I earned the Addon Adhesive sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/mkJWL2
tweetdeck, where's my droid, barcode scanner and maybe gmote too...
u can try chromed bird for tweeting. it has an url shortener within it too...
Sir, if you can click the reply button every time u reply to someone's tweet, we wud know in what context, ur tweet is in. Thanks.
A letter to Rahul Vinci (&quot;Rahul Gandhi&quot;) https://www.facebook.com/topic.php?uid=111552515531825&amp;topic=924
thank you @twitvim!! this is really awesome!
I can now tweet from vim!! Awesome!
anirudh24seven
do u mean gilly and marsh?
of course!! :)
we can get our phones upgraded from Froyo to Gingerbread. i.e. Android 2.2 to Android 2.3
of course, it'll happen only later for India...
Did u hear the news? Gingerbread Promised for Galaxy Devices by End of May http://bit.ly/m1oCOF
decided that i'll sleep throughout the morning and afternoon on weekdays and do a night-out daily. can't stand the summer heat...
for every arbit tweet that i see, i am unfollowing that person. feels good to keep my timeline clean...
yeah. saw those &quot;scenarios&quot; article on cricinfo? they haven't updated it after yday's match though...
oops! lol. yeah... even i want bangalore to lose...
he knows that no total can be small enough for gayle. smart playing... #gilly
gilly
planning to install a lot of chrome extensions...
oh. 21st of this month? will check the invitation for the exact location now. am coming...
how abt http://theme.wordpress.com/themes/clean-home/ ?
my work is related to d UI. existing app has an old style interface which is not v intuitive. trying to make it more easy to use
if u r usin twitter through twitter.com, u'll usually see &quot;# new tweets received&quot; which u'd have to click. this eliminates tat
modifying the existing wordpress android app...
cool. :)
Auto refresh twitter - Chrome Extension. u ppl might like it. http://bit.ly/eKMPnG
wow! @HowStuffWorks's android app is awesome!
9-5? which day of the week? i'm having daily power cut from 11 to 11.45...
Mini idly and masal dosai at grand sweets. :) (@ Grand Sweets) http://4sq.com/kgN4D4
maybe its an Apple-sponsored attack to make the masses believe that iPhone is indeed popular... #facebook #spam
facebook
spam
will unfollowing constitute fair play?
i judged a book by its cover and i turned out to be right ! :P
what a wonderful morning! forced myself to wake up. am all eager to visit the koturpuram library today... have a great day tweeple!
of course! very true...
they are responsible for powercuts, water shortages and bad roads. it affects everyone. that's why we vote...
now, the question is, &quot;who will become the opposition leader?&quot; gabdun or mk ?? #tnelections
tnelections
Facebook admits hiring PR firm to smear Google http://t.co/yn44TPh via @engadget
http://brooksreview.net/2011/05/ballmer/ Can anyone challenge these views?
BREAKING NEWS: Mother's day celebrated again in TN, 5 days after original Mother's day! #amma #tnelections
amma
tnelections
both the major parties promised freebies... and one is leading. is it still a snub? i think ppl still want freebies...
which constituency? mylapore?
depends on how many seats his party manages to win... :P
do u know abt mylapore? how can i find out?
lol. http://gabeswebsite.com/images/funny/wrestle.gif
not so disappointed though. got the 500 right. whew! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
read the qsn wrong for 250. thought that final configuration was given n was asked to calculate the initial config. #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
me! me! me too!RT @ashwinjagadeesh: Anyone else feeling ashamed to say rahul gandhi an indian?
gaaaah!! made a mistake in my solution! damn!! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
intermission phase now... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
if it is c++, then i think http://cplusplus.com/reference/stl/ can help u a lot...
why's that?
lol. only 15 submissions for the 1000 pt problem so far... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
i HATE youtube!!
u seem to be in a good mood. guess what i had for dinner now. :D (u'll surely love it if u try it!)
why is  http://developer.android.com/videos/index.html down? shows a 404: Not Found error!
wow!! i was just searching for the same thing!! thanks!
wikipedia did say thru twitter that there might be some problems, right?
i was all excited about google music beta and requested an invitation! only to find that the service was available only in the US... :'-(
Want to watch the keynote speech by live streaming. But leaving for a movie now. :-( #io2011
io2011
never realized that if u enclose text with * in gchat, it appears in bold. for example, *hello* will make hello appear as bold... #gchat
gchat
haha. i &quot;dedicate&quot; my 800th tweet to you with this reply!!
oh. never realized that i am already close to 800 tweets... this is easy :P
there can't be a new TR-rage... cos he's already T 'RAGE'ndar...
i think i am so getting used to working from home... :P hope that the habit doesn't continue when i get a job...
#chatzilla is my favorite irc client...  the only reason i have got firefox running on my comp, actually...
chatzilla
bad luck. my q&amp;a session with the #wordpress community has been scheduled to 10.30pm today. wud be in satyam watching Ko with family. #gsoc
wordpress
gsoc
yuvraj with ganguly now... :)
videos are always an awesome way to learn stuff.
wonders why gtug chennai doesn't have a twitter account yet...
when hasn't Microsoft tried that?
ganguly's strike rate is 0, right now... #ipl4
ipl4
want to follow all google sites on twitter? here is the link... http://www.google.com/intl/en/press/twitter-directory.html
rightly said! :)
wish twitter provided some badges... or wait! is twitter awesome because it doesn't do all that??
my thoughts exactly !! :P
machi. just noticed that you have more followers than following!! #celebrity da nee! @Satish_NR
celebrity
i think i might reach 800 tweets by today...
thanks! :)
myself, sriram, sagar sumit and nivash went through a few rounds but didn't get it. not sure about nivash...
feels that most of my college mates cannot stop bragging about their internships on facebook... grow up ppl! what say ?
Lunch over. Was good. :-)
for that he should try. We shouldn't try... :P
lol. No no. the talks on #android apps r usually awesome... #io2011
android
io2011
everyone is capable of everything. What we do determines who we are... #thathuvam
thathuvam
acquisition of skype by microsoft confirmed... :(
gotta have lunch now. will maybe tweet from my mobile then... :P
wish that the Action Bar widget was available for #android versions &amp;lt; 3.0 too...
android
the more you learn, the more you can think and come up with better ideas... #knowledge #thathuvam
knowledge
thathuvam
i haven't downloaded google chrome 11 on my fedora yet, just because i don't like the logo... :P
nice to see that you are still concerned about the indian education system. i gave up long ago...
and while you are it, you can check out the actual #io2011 website too... http://www.google.com/events/io/2011/ #google #awesome
io2011
google
awesome
going for 'ko' nightshow at satyam today... #ko
ko
what if i can't go to #io2011 ? i'll live stream it or look at it online later... :)
io2011
wonder why gmail every time seemingly seems to be loading something for a loooong time while nothing is actually loaded... #gmail
gmail
love the android app for google i/o 2011... looks awesome! http://bit.ly/knyOMt check out the screenshots! #io2011
io2011
i think i shall start tweeting...
lol at @RajivMakhni's remark that its sad tat mobile manufacturers haven't yet come up with a phone for ppl who can't use one of their hands
can u summarize what is different in this year's contest from last year? i want to know before i get into it...
u r a chennaiite if u r tweeting about #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
if u can't finish ur dinner at a restaurant, ask the waiter to 'pack' it... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
anyone living in sowcarpet is a settu... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
always quote half of ur intended price to auto drivers. they are sure to double it. #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
ah! that feeling of satisfaction when ur mom hands u cold coffee at home... #priceless
priceless
To kapaleeshwarar temple now, with family. :-)
i want an awesome reminder app for android. free app, of course. any suggestions?
it is just awesome!! my default twitter client on mobile. extremely user-friendly! #tweetdeck
tweetdeck
it would. one might never know when he'd be armed again and destroy countless lives again...
sleeeeepy... want to replace my broken ubuntu with something proper b4 going to sleep. found that 11.04 wasn't to my liking.
disappointed and disgusted with  #natty... #unity
natty
unity
counter-intuitive,unnecessarily takin up valuable screen space,flashy enuf to please all kids.congrats ubuntu! u sure have dug ur own grave.
damn! I didn't da... :-( semma flop. I didn't even meet ht ma'am as senior couldn't contact me due to some mobile problem... :-(
dravid's wicket would cheer up randiv after being slammed around by him...
@Messidk90: think its time that you learnt that its 'loser' and not 'looser'. u r gonna be a final year student soon... @Satish_NR
gotta start packing now... sigh... #boring
boring
yay! exams over! spending time on learning more vim stuff now... #vim #fun
vim
fun
guess so...
listening to Sambho Siva Sambo now...
now playing PuliUrumudhu. in the mood for loud, noisy songs now...
Damn! RT No undue sympathy to students falling short on attendance: Court http://bit.ly/km8cJm
an experienced user like u had to search for the terminal! that's just bad. #unity
unity
http://t.co/W73ex9F For those who are still fans of #ubuntu, 11.04 has been released. #unity
ubuntu
unity
I remember celebrating the release of 10.10 not long ago. I dont even feel like trying 11.04 though...
Worm horror in Subway chicken sandwich http://t.co/sVN6Wlc
Softlinks vs. Hardlinks: A Quick Explanation | Techthrob.com http://j.mp/k7iSek via @AddToAny
great to have you back on twitter !
i dont think i'd want an ipad at any point of my life. #ipad2 #india
ipad2
india
Big shoutout to all fellow hackers . Be there at 'Triggr The Mobile' on 14th May 2011, Noida http://triggr.in #triggr @triggrin
triggr
should pause the work on my project. time to have breakfast. very hungry.
the most attractive employer in india! http://t.co/dTaPT2N5
yahoo made so many awesome web products. it started going down when it stopped innovating.
whew. power back. can start working on my project now.
hmmm. this bing desktop app is decent.
want. when will lumia 900 start shipping to other countries like india?
good morning! :)
lol. no thanks. :D
enough of twitter. finding it difficult to study.
luckily, i was advised not to go home and bring back my windows phone. would have been heavily distracted by it, now during exams.
enjoying the rain?
i wonder what is the point of studying all this if i am not able to write it in the exam within the given time. :-/
they should give extra 15 minutes in exams for slow writers like myself. :P
only solution is to listen to music from my comp. :-/
this random music from the 2nd floor of my hostel is at a perfect sound level to keep me disturbed. neither too high nor too low.
point taken. :)
news source?
going to change my approach to studying. will first finish studying the summarized version in my notes and then read the textbook. #adbms
adbms
Bayern hs bn knwn to b involved wit charitable ventures,helping other FC's in financial disarray as well as ordinary people in misery. #wiki
wiki
my support for today's match: Bayern Munich.
:D
slowly getting into knowing more about football clubs. looking out for a team to support.
And both, dropbox and skydrive allow you complete control over your files. they remain yours and yours alone.
Not to mention that Google can use all your files in whatever way they want. Google has surely become evil with its terms n conditions.
Google drive's 5GB looks stupid in the face of 25 GB offered by Microsoft skydrive.
they effectively shared the cost of the patents  and both of them can use all those patents under a licensing deal. nice.
Microsoft selling many of those AOL patents to facebook is a good move for both of them.
synset in nltk is awesome!
want a python interpreter on android. how difficult will it be to implement? hmmm...
i want to sleep. :( but no power in hostel. might have to sleep in clc itself.
i don't think i will be participating in topcoder srm's in a long time. the last 2 were hard enough to make me lose my interest.
there. another huge drop in my rating.
nope. i am no way consistent.
wow. whatte result. failed system test. :-/
there is no such thing as too much internet.
based on text mining, sentiment analysis and twitter. :)
windows phone development is good. i feel that it is easier and better than android to work with. i haven't worked with ios though.
i think that there is no point of waiting for this topcoder srm results anymore. it could take up the whole night.
moral of the story: speak up if you don't like something. u might come under heavy fire initially but u'll finally get what u want. :)
there. issue solved. classmates shifted their mokka posts to another new group. :)
will the central lecture hall complex be open for students in the mornings too? i can come here and work on my project tomo, then.
and i have been waiting for this for more than an hour now...
omg! it seems that the admins remembered to click the &quot;system test&quot; button only a few minutes ago! is this even true? #topcoder
topcoder
first they set problems that require 3 nested for loops and now they announce that system tests are slow. a link between the two, perhaps?
this is bad. system test results have not yet been updated. the situation has been like this for the past many srm's. #topcoder
topcoder
quantal quetzal??? seriously?? this is going downhill since the last 2 releases.
stupid classmates spamming all over the facebook group.
irritating classmates. jobless people.
very tough topcoder matches lately. dunno what is going on. number of solvers has decreased a lot.
at least i solved a problem. but wait, let me see whether it passes system tests.
wasted &amp;gt;45 minutes on one &quot;+k&quot; bug in a tc srm!! :(
i want a bot that listens to ur problems, gives solutions, makes u feel happy once again. why? cos most people are epic fail at such things.
could not sleep for a very long time yday night and had horrible nightmares during the one hour that I slept. #fail
fail
it is amazing to know what extent people can go to, in trying to defend their ridiculous behavior.
power cut. lol.
looking into part of speech tagging now. strongly feel that this is the most important part of my project.
In the middle of the 7th hour of a 9 hour power cut now. Did I mention that it is 40&#176;C over here?
Honeycomb was an aberration. Android tablets never deserved it. ICS is so beautiful on my tablet! Its just perfect on screens of this size.
i do agree that oracle is being a patent troll. but what google did was plain foolish mismanagement.
don't u think that google is at fault? they took something that is free for personal use but used it for commercial purposes.
conclusion: i can't make a nandroid backup on my tab until i free up a lot of space.hmmm.
my reason why i am not buying a ticket to google i/o: second week of office at microsoft &amp;gt; google i/o
even though i qualified, i am not going to buy a ticket nor do i want to go to google I/O this time. http://t.co/tQ8SQCkw
very bad day for my project, so far.
not forgetting that argument and holding on to that memory is even worse.
my view on michael clarke changed immediately after the first wi vs aus test match. that guy is one awesome captain!
and the first one on that list would be aokp, of course.
tempted to begin trying out custom ROMs on my galaxy tab 10.1 as well.
damn. almost forgot that i have a few deadlines to meet, today.
oh well. i wouldn't be spending 900$ (plus more for travel and acco) to visit google i/o anyway.
i hate these power cuts. :(
lol at the mail discussion among iit-m profs.
wow. i thought my college admin is bad. iit madras admin seems to be worse.
the problem with my studying style is that i tend to start all over from the first, every time i sit down to study.
mokka authors. talking about black holes enveloping the earth and destroying all the data in a text book.
i hope there isn't a power cut at 9.15.
3 types of storage - volatile storage, nonvolatile storage and stable storage. #adbms
adbms
i think i will study for my exam tomorrow before working on my project again.
i have ended up writing a bit of ruby code and getting to know that i might have to learn a bit of perl and snowball as well!
this is going crazy. i thought i could do my project in java, python, c++ or some other language that i already knew.
you awake? one doubt in rts portions.
How much has wb actually improved under the new cm?
Of course, I was not referring to any elder sister of mine in the previous tweet.
Bratty, immature and just plain intolerant. #didi
didi
bored of reading already. guess i'll work on my project for a while now.
reading the output returned from a twitter api call now. so much data! makes me feel wow!
the twitter api kinda returns a comedy xml though. wonder why hastags have an extra &amp;lt;text&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/text&amp;gt; tags around them. hmmm...
random powercut. :(
can retrieve 3200 tweets using my ruby code now! #relieved
relieved
tc
i thought that at least round 1c would be easier. :( this is insanely hard!
exhausted! :( but i knew that this would happen.
thanks! :)
codeacademy is easily the best place to learn coding for beginners.
very important day tomorrow. google code jam and topcoder open round 1c.
your thoughts on the newly created Microsoft Open Technologies?
Sweet in mess today for Tamil new year http://t.co/JqE1L5rV
when will my wp7 ever come? :(
always felt that people who can paint are v interesting people. good job google. more of them will be known to the world now. #artproject
artproject
wondering what this google art project is.
ok.
even feels that my room feels stuffy and hot.
I woke up now and felt just the same. http://t.co/seseHn7S #feelingthesameasameme
feelingthesameasameme
Challenge accepted.
Trying out bubbly. This is kinda cool. Listen at: http://t.co/JRxpywSC
Wow! These prickly heat powders really do work! #summerheat
summerheat
Can tweeting about studies actually help in studying? #importantkoshchin
importantkoshchin
announced where? anyone from our wing?
Lol. Coin attracted to a magnetized tester spinning crazily in front of a table fan. http://t.co/UcJaB2Pn
i am going to change.
this is crazy. power is back. what is going on?
power cut again.
so, google+ has something that looks a timeline too.
the google+ plane never took off and it has burst into flames already.
lol. what happened to the interface at google+??
muhahaha. power back.
no water in cooler. dying of thirst and dehydration!
what the hell! power cut again! i dont want to live in this stupid place!
I just love the keys on my l lappy http://t.co/OTI28Ke5
Dear fan. Y U NOOO SPIN?  http://t.co/evQJ5aOH
outrageously funny!! http://t.co/8gYmVpWG
realized that some users do not want to believe that every piece of software runs on code.
Extremely dehydrated. :(
Friends doing what they usually do http://t.co/VCarFYWf
laptop low battery. i think i'll study something from my tab now.
LOL!
using my table fan again. yay!
successful project review. :) our hard work paid off. yay!
time is 10:07 am #uselesstweet
uselesstweet
i'm impressed with the content-price ratio though. #funbook
funbook
lol. this funbook pic shows IE as an app. but the fact is, there is no IE on android! http://t.co/9gDHYEpX
realized that it is always best to be neutral towards companies, platforms and all kinds of software. #onemightneverknowhowtheychange
onemightneverknowhowtheychange
after all, project is for 6 credits (=2 subjects) and each review is like a CT. better to focus on it now.
i think i will concentrate on my project for the next 2 hours and shut down my laptop before the power cut begins.
was looking into codeplex now. i think i'll rather wait for it to gather some momentum before hopping on to it.
now that i have decided to become google-neutral, i am now moving my codes from http://t.co/VxKtMI8w to github.
ok ok. :D
summa da. Leela, ht, ssk, msb and a few other profs had a meeting. That's all.
couldn't resist taking a pic of this conversation :D http://t.co/jFtLPfne
:D
My precious http://t.co/r0FgTbGl
Random window http://t.co/xqGFj8I8
wattabottle http://t.co/dlwljqZl
'Maad'ern college http://t.co/0Pre27NO
looking into powertop now.
having green font on a black background does not make one a 'hacker'.
some secret meeting of the 'rebel' profs going on. plz note.
damn. the ideapad yoga is priced at 1900$!! that is way too costly. :(
and that of course means that i can be on twitter as well. :P
trying to download ieee papers related to sentiment analysis from college lab wifi now.
Last 1.30 class ever!
fb should have produced an instagram rival last year itself. approx 30$ per user on instagram to buy it out.
That was a great session with my project team mates! Feeling confident about my project now. :)
u submitted?
when submission? Tuesday only, right?
yes da. :(
omg!!! completely forgot!! have a huge assignment to finish!!
kalaai max! :D http://t.co/hZiwvG91
waiting for lumia 900 to start trending on twitter.
all of us suppli then. :P
there. perfectly caps a horrible day. didn't get my windows phone today. missed most of csk match. couldn't study properly. flopped tc now.
solved the 250 extremely slowly! worst performance ever. no time to finish 500. #tc
tc
sadly, i slept off and missed round 1a.
topcoder open round 1b starting in a minute.
monday morning.
oh. ok ok. thanks da. what else news? when is project review? this thursday, friday?
ok. thanks. how were the ct questions?
what to study in rts and adbms? the portions discussed on the fb group?
need help about what to study and how to study.
machi. need help about ct da.
no idea da. came back yday night.
Cleant it in spite of my mom's protests. Works without a noise now. :) yay!
For so many months, my home pc used to whine and groan so loudly! Opened it, found that there was dust accumulated on the fan.
Dad singing http://t.co/yOrcVHOS
do blog abt it da. Want to do the same.
Chuck this stupid adv dbms subject. Going to switch to rts now.
If there was something that motivated me to study, it was the fact that my friends were studying too. Now that is also gone.
When everyone else was studying, i was enjoying. Now i have to study, when everyone else enjoys.
idlis are best eaten with the help of yoursporks. i just did. :)
Ranganathan http://t.co/uci2ExoY
i frankly don't see the point in dancing. i came here for food. please stop dancing people, so that they van serve us food.
they can force me to the dance floor but they can't make me dance.
can feel the whole place resonate due to this extremely loud music!!! mavane! i am going deaf!
won a Microsoft bottle. yay!
with the new t shirt that i received http://t.co/OioOzmQI
Just posted a photo http://t.co/x9aKO6vK
at Hyderabad. for Microsoft new hires day.
Hotel Tara http://t.co/vA5n1Js7
Just posted a photo http://t.co/gShkjTtP
Just posted a photo http://t.co/NO5KTYQ2
Just posted a photo http://t.co/iHmqVbEj
First http://t.co/kz1FfgzF
instagram for android!
Hyderabad airport is beautiful!
hmmm. i might be working on visual studio. i might even get what i want, too. get to work on windows phone, perhaps?
in airport waiting for ranga.
Ct 2 over!! :D for me, at least. ;)
thanks da.
need notes for central bank da. can u take photo and upload?
Google's Apr1 pranks sound so mokkai.
why?
my class rep is an idiot.
galaxy ace.
damn! forgot about today's topcoder match and slept off in the evening! remembered only now!
apps related to carnatic music. nothing much actually.
damn. i sat down to read about text mining and ended up making a rage comic!
great that the guys at http://t.co/xp3gl9J4 replied. their reference links would be useful for my project. :)
hmmm. what do i do now?
Back to omega. But its v3 now. Blazing speed... :)
Every single fourth year boy must have come to the mess for evening snacks today!! What is happening??
Raining suddenly like a big storm here!!
Missing my phone camera. Moving to omegav3 from cm9.
totally love this!
this was just waiting to happen. regionalism on twitter.
it doesn't?? :D
got my flight tickets to attend new hires day. :) #microsoft
microsoft
and i think the best reflection of that transformation is metro.
microsoft is surely transforming.
i hope that i get a lumia 900 when i join office! :D
hmmm.
rapidminer is awesome!
not bad. i am working on my project without getting distraced by twi... OOPS!
was so happy that i was working on my project properly from today. saw that my prof had already mailed me yday asking abt my progress!
not yet. will be receiving a htc surround very shortly. most probably would be getting one when i join office too.
Nice! Windows Phone was not supposed to get LTE support  till Apollo. http://t.co/ERwI0c76
ah ha! look at this. http://t.co/FerRJQNL
this is strange. i didn't unfollow anyone recently but when i go visit a few people's profile, it says that i don't follow them anymore.
i used to loathe power cuts when i was a kid. i don't even know what term to use to describe my feelings for them now.
cyan!
Lumia 900!!
6 signs Microsoft has got its mojo&#160;back http://t.co/l7zhhKrq
reading a paper titled as &quot;Towards Linux as a Real Time Hypervisor&quot;. interesting.
Temple run is finally here on android!
or even view it on your pillow cover! :)
realized the same thing last week.
of course, i'd be getting it for free from microsoft india as part of that &quot;i unlock joy campaign&quot; for developing 4 windows phone apps.
it might not be the latest wp but am still eagerly waiting for my htc surround as it would be my first #windowsphone experience!
windowsphone
dunno da.
dunno what will be done.
ind eco only. he seems to be as lazy as me. :D
ranga. :P
at least i don't look sincere. :P
just realized that some people are not as sincere as they seem to be. #assignmentteammate
assignmentteammate
ah. the moment i close twitter, the attachment starts getting uploaded properly.
hotmail doesn't seem to be very good in handling attachments. this is so frustrating!
wow. http://t.co/Cb7U5SA1 has improved its website a little. looks more pleasant now.
Adithya from comp sci. was known as &quot;Mess&quot;.
doubtful. am a final year at NIT-T right now. got the news from my bro who was 3 years senior to me here at NITT. disturbing news.
u from NIT-T?
running ICS on my phone! can't believe it!!
finally!!
hmmm. seem to be stuck on the start screen.
wow! the starting animation rocks!!
whew. installed successfully.
60% over. system being installed right now.
flashing cm9 beta5 on my galaxy ace now. hopefully everything should go fine.
the team behind interviewstreet seems to be  doing a wonderful job! can feel interviewstreet's presence almost everywhere now!
and the best part? my rating was as low as 625 at one point of time! :D feels good now.
yay! my rating crossed 1000 in #topcoder at last!
topcoder
166th in div2. hmmm. i should have still solved that 300 pt problem correctly. not good. scope for a lot of improvement. #topcoder
topcoder
Am finally able to retrieve tweets using twitter4j. More hopeful about my project now.
true that.
damn. cant even update my twitter app settings at http://t.co/vzLIMiUm. keeps saying that Twitter is over capacity.
trying out clementine now.
hilarious! Gizmodo: &quot;we gave people an ipad 2, told them it was the new ipad and they loved it&quot; http://t.co/MPD9xhMd
http://t.co/JxN4K4pE posting your question here might help.
Intel is going to insane levels to popularize its ultrabooks! Aweome video! Social experiment, it seems. http://t.co/nVX2V0uE
both. :)
i wasn't surprised by the climax but what happens in the middle of the book.
the secret of the nagas is a good book. of course, not good as a stand-alone book but along with the immortals of meluha.
missed today's topcoder srm because the rooms were full before i could register.
Power cut in hostels. Bed bugs even in AC bus, on the way home. Rotten life.
quality of cricinfo has just plummeted.
&quot;it was destined that SRT wud get his 100th century against &amp;amp; in the country where he had equalled Gavaskar's then-record 34 Test centuries&quot;
Cheap cricinfo. I bet hey would have written &quot;it was destiny&quot; if Sachin had hit the 100th at any time in any place.
@unreachableHost
why would people unfollow anyway?
omg! I think I clicked unfollow by accident! I would never unfollow u on purpose da. sorry buddy.
hosted at http://t.co/cDSeMaLy
source code?
please don't retweet this.
trying to use twitter4j now.
lol. those guys have used the same BGM in their promo trailer as my coll guys did, for pragyan. #copy
copy
kuruksastra?? seriously, what kind of a name is that?
sure! :)
back to reading about my project.
omg. i totally forgot to let twitterverse know about my new android app. here it is. Bunk Score. https://t.co/AmqBZ5S3..
Things seem to be changing at Google. http://t.co/Z1Aw9Ey1
there. topped up using freecharge.
not from this semester.
feeling very sleepy.
lol.
its 4.30! yay! running off to mess. #thathungry
thathungry
naanga nambuvom. avanga nambuvaangalaa? :P
lol.
as a student developer, i honestly think that developing for windows phone is much easier than developing for android.
will give myself an hour to finish this app.
hmmm.
hungry. :-/
dunno. not very clear about what the msg exactly means.
dunno. not very clear about the msg exactly means.
my previous tweet is the msg i got from airtel. shortened to fit within 140 chars, of course.
Ur Twitter on USSD wil b renewed in nxt 3 days n u'll be charged Rs5 for 5 days from ur airtel mobile account. To unsubscribe, dial *515*22#
wth! has airtel decided to charge users for using twitter through sms?? 5 Rs for 5 days??
i wonder where i misplaced my data cable for my phone.
first, got to finish that bunk score app.
:)
i found most ebooks too difficult to start with. i started with those tutorials at http://t.co/LBq5LZyW.
that beard gave him that thalaivar status. #baasha
baasha
it is time i admit on twitter that i have watched #baasha only once ever in my life. thalaivare, please forgive me.
baasha
no. :(
twitter, Y U NO showing #basha as a trending tag??
basha
programming isn't just a skill. its a way of thinking.
nope. not at all.
don't worry. use the right earphones. *trollface* :D
#CLT Sitapathe by Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer
CLT
one simply doesn't wish chuck norris belated birthday wishes.
72 years ago, Chuck Norris decided to let humanity know his presence.
true.
:P
been using that list for almost a year now. :)
i don't even know why i typed the above tweet. am very jobless, i guess.
cow and dog fighting near the dustbin near the mess. visible from room.
maate maladwaja in khamas ranks as one of my favorite songs of all time.
so what shall we do about the tweetup? what shall we discuss about?
check this out. https://t.co/JF5UZBLj
will let those guys know. :P
why so? why not a different model?
hmmm. looking into twitter4j now.
i hate it when klout makes me tweet stupid things to enable me to complete quests.
According to @klout, my Klout score is 51. How influential are you? http://t.co/ZETS90eO
first step. data retrieval. get me those tweets, i say.
will get started on my project now.
still waiting for my new windows phone 7 device. hope i get it at least by the end of this month.
running ubuntu, win 7 and win 8 consumer preview successfully on my laptop now. #tripleboot
tripleboot
this Boot-Repair script suggested in the Ubuntu FAQ is amazing! recovering my ubuntu grub became a breeze after installing it.
This is new to me. Never knew that power goes at 4.30 am as well. #sleeplessnight
sleeplessnight
900 kbps. good.
so what's the plan?
great! my blog http://t.co/45cyhq7N reached 15,000 views! :)
&quot;So dude, what's the new iPad called?&quot; &quot;...&quot;
Lol. I bet no blogger or tech mag guessed this name. The new iPad, it is.
The fact that there is a bias against giving respect to female people in the Hindi language speaks volumes about the people who created it.
many bugs fixed. new features added. i heard that something like more than 100,000 changes were brought about in the code.
honest suggestion. don't join my college. we are having &amp;gt;10 hours of powercut daily from this semester.
AIR 1100. Tamilnadu state 28.
NIT Trichy.
nice. :)
21. you?
i wanted to upgrade that windows 8 developer preview in my third partition to consumer preview. forgot. will do it tomo.
@Aarthi_2410, your Klout Score is decent (I'm a 51). Check out your profile today! http://t.co/DP3WPElP
I just completed the Connect all networks quest on Join me:  http://t.co/LjHpRIDg
would've retweeted that if not for the expletive. relatives following on twitter. :D
apple innovates. samsung copies. developers make it better. consumers benefit.
in brand power? surely! :)
if people researched, they would go for the one with the better config. but they don't research.
all those depend on the trust of people on apple. they dont research about products much.
i strongly feel that companies keep releasing products. so the &quot;Best Product&quot; title shifts back n forth. natural. :)
the original tab is nothing short of disgusting. the 10.1 is really good. maybe the ipad HD will trump galaxy tab 2 10.1.
exactly my point. love for steve jobs, worshippers and fanboys of apple. remove them n its a good product. not the best.
my grandpa owns an ipad2 &amp; my cousin owns an ipad.i like android as an OS. but the lack of updates from samsung? i hate.
product brand, advertising and fan following contribute to sales. if u compare them feature by feature, d 10.1 is better.
as long as there are communities away from the control of manufacturers and google, i am happy with android. :)
i don't particularly hate apple. just that my wants aren't exactly oriented with the devices that they make. :)
one need not even root an android phone to customize the looks of the OS.
i know about jailbreaking but android, by default provides thousands of launchers and apps to substitute system apps.
i chucked that slow, laggy ROM on my android device and installed a custom ROM. better speed, battery life, etc.
it is very smooth. trust me. i love apple for its innovation. but i feel other platforms provide more control for the user.
i feel customization trumps everything else. android allows a lot of customization. iOS doesn't.
i have loved the look n feel of mac os x. but i could make my ubuntu completely look like that. #customization
customization
s2 is light in weight. some ppl like the plastic feel n some dont. the bigger screen is awesome too!
Galaxy Tab 10.1 vs ipad 2. i have used both n felt the tab 10.1 was better. it has better camera too.
brand building? Yes. But best product? no. Samsung beats apple there.
Samsung is crazy. Launching so many Android phones. No brand building at all.
Google doesn't care about users with slow internet connection. Market/Play n Google+ are perfect examples.
WHY THE HELL IS THE MOBILE VERSION OF THE HINDU WEBSITE DISPLAYING FULL PAGE POP UP ADS???
Although i don't like siegler, this article is good. RT @TechCrunch: The iPad HD Sucks* http://t.co/ZDM8wyUl by @parislemon
Wow! RT @engadget: Nokia Lumia 800 update reportedly triples battery life http://t.co/h2KrVle4
If only students spent half their time of watching movies and taking photos of themselves, in writing programs...
Realized that I tweet more during class hours than my free hours.
Google play??
remember discussing this? someone already has done this. http://t.co/Ad4E45UH
Good to hear that Congress is performing poorly everywhere. :)
and with that adapter, i am able to connect my USB keyboard to my tab and tweet, just like the last tweet and this one too! :)
how could i be so careless? found an USB adapter for my galaxy tab 750 in the box that it came with, while searching for something else now!
key lime pie sounds worse than precise pangolin! what's with the ridiculous version names everywhere??
u should see their fb profile pics. @unreachableHost
we should. but i think we dunno how to get it. just feel that some1 should point out how we go abt doing it.
whom r we against? it's not that some1 is holding on to our power n not giving it to us.
i didnt buy it. The wifi-only model was released in india today.
Slept almost the whole day n feeling very groggy now.
it's just a wifi model. yeah. sad at that price.
the asus transformer prime android tablet.
Wait. So the transformer prime in India doesn't have 3g support? That's epic fail at that price!
I think I'll sleep again. Too tired to go have lunch.
Luckily, I didn't wait for it and got a Galaxy Tab 750.
Omg! Just woke up to the news that the transformer prime is coming to India for a ridiculous price of 50k! Who will even buy that??
hey, can i join u for ind eco assignment?
So hot here in college!
No balance, no signal for internet connection, no electricity, extremely hot weather! This is horrible!
Love the ASUS padfone video. Great to see how the industry is moving.
Hindi classes at last.
When will I get to drive???
Omg! In the middle of a hilarious adventure right now!
:P RT @localteaparty: Match interestingly poised
Driving test gonna start.
thank you! :)
The day has finally come. Driving test day. :)
Yay. Am a full-fledged XDA member now. Reached 10 posts. :)
Yay. Won a TopCoder T-shirt. :)
khamas is one raagam which i'll never stop loving. reminds me of my childhood, learning music from my mother and grandmother.
power back.
LOL! @localteaparty
What a Year&#8211;XDA Portal Turns Two! http://t.co/31HYz3dE via @xdadevelopers
read your mail now. shocked to know! some of us were not organizing this year. I hope the organizers respond properly.
thought so! :D what about YOU? ;)
it is 'laugh' in tamil. :D
even the blank slides? :P
Omg. Even after being told that Gayle's slides are available online, my friend was able to point out a girl who was taking notes down!
This is unexpected. Gayle Laakman's lecture is boring.
Everyone here at #pragyan enjoying Mike Brown's video conference. @plutokiller
pragyan
Mike Brown has a fitting twitter id. @plutokiller
Wow! Narendra Nayak is ripping into Sai Baba, Amrita lady, Sri Sri Ravishankar and Baba Ramdev in #pragyan!
pragyan
all of us here in Pragyan are enjoying hearing u talk. :)
Getting to know more about the favorite person I eagerly watch on TV! @xercyn
Having a wonderful video conference with (Jeff Lieberman) at #pragyan!
pragyan
Awesome time lapse videos being shown in Pragyan!
Tweetcaster for android tablets is super-awesome!
Stupid team at info desk. Announcing wrong timings for events. #pragyan
pragyan
tweetcaster pro is my favorite!
geeklist is really awesome. must start using it properly from now on.
the way my distractions have moved. reddit-&amp;gt;twitter-&amp;gt;xda-developers.
:D
I got placed before I applied to start a GTUG. :P simply involving myself in tech stuff as much as I can. :-)
yes. in last July. thanks! :-)
finally! after nearly 7 months of waiting for that mail from Microsoft, got it today, at last! :D
heard that cm7 doesnt support ace properly.
awesome speed da.
running a custom ROM on my phone for the first time! and its the super-fast OmegaRomv2 for the Galaxy ACE! thank you @CooperROMs!
Sweet, and are giving away 4 Galaxy Nexuses and 4 Transformer Primes. Wish me luck! http://t.co/jH848zeM
the extent to which people would go to promote their college fests!! some guys are adding their fest's name to their facebook name!
wanted to ask you this for a long time. was the pragyan promo trailer your effort? brilliant da!
to think that i might be able to be calm and enjoy life after my cycle tests. this is much more hectic than i thought!
hectic day! no sleep at all. :(
i hope this doesn't turn out to be a 'taking the horse to the water' story. must wait and watch.
some random hindi actor/director who makes a fool of him on twitter. @unreachableHost
lol! :D
was planning to do it yday night in the bus, but i was so tired preparing for the cycle tests that i dozed off.
finished updating necessary stuff right now for the android dev camp of NITT GTUG chapter.
good morning tweeps! hectic day ahead!
Galaxy Tab 10.1!!
I just unlocked the &quot;Bender&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/pHiftufC
I just unlocked the &quot;Campus Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/lgaxkLkR
I just became the mayor of Mechanical department on @foursquare! http://t.co/yoXHgeAo
I just unlocked the &quot;Crunked&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/FpA0NN4Q
I just unlocked the &quot;Overshare&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/0Xnkbxdl
Trying Vlingo for twitter.
I am a noob when it comes to custom ROMs. What does the latest blogpost on cm9 actually mean? How do I compile cm9 for my galaxy tab 10.1?
I just unlocked the &quot;Super User&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/a0GV72Nh
I just became the mayor of Pearl hostel on @foursquare! http://t.co/YTRJXqLG
I just unlocked the &quot;Local&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/nV1ruwBE
I just unlocked the &quot;School Night&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/D0p4azov
Omg! What an unexpected adventure! Back home at last.
Back home. That was one of the most decent journeys I had, in a long time. #nobedbugs
nobedbugs
And the protagonist of the series surely resembles my uncle.
My favorite character from the series? The janitor!
And this scrubs series gave me a great insight into their lives! Loved it.
I wonder how medicos become who they are. They are awesome!
ac bus.
I just hope I don't get a fever.
There is only one person in this whole wide world who will never hurt u. And that's yourself.
Yay! Jadeja namakke!
This is so comfortable! Studying in college library with my tablet connected to the internet using college wifi.
I just unlocked the &quot;Bookworm&quot; badge on @foursquare! Long live print! http://t.co/H56nJVp0
I just unlocked the &quot;Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/X5lkXFJa
I'm at Mega Mess 2 w/ http://t.co/rmZl1JNR
how?
No power. No water. Waiting to get away from this place.
dei. Its not an elective for us da.
http://t.co/6LtUzhwM throwing Missing X-TransactionID header error.
Why should a comp sci engineer know about all this industrial economics nonsense??
Dear prof, is it ok if I stop writing notes n start tweeting about it instead?
Bunked the first class today to spend time writing code. :-P
And the best part was when one random student came up n told that I drove nicely.
Yay! Done. Drove from BHEL to mech dept in coll. :-)
lol. Within the college campus. Talking about these mad trichy roads now.
Should hopefully get a chance to drive on the road today. :-)
That's it. Enough working on that app for today.
My previous tweet shows how headlines can be so misleading.
Meet Bill Gates, the Man Who Changed Open Source Software | Wired Enterprise | http://t.co/9yM9sACl http://t.co/a9bUjsnA
what exactly goes in those chinese facilities: http://t.co/vPVY7ePw
apple is so disgustingly evil that they don't mind inhuman conditions of workers in china assembling apple products.
oh my god! #3wordstories
3wordstories
take care da. btw, i personally use those himalaya's septillin in case of throat infection. v effective for me.
what happened da?
from now on, i promise to make a conscious effort to not loathe anyone, fight with anyone or hold grudges against anyone.
Got a new watch n flute! Yay!
that's it. i have decided to concentrate more on my project from now on.
Indha pic badgeukku onnum korachal illai.
i wish ravi shankar sir was here on twitter.
Lol. Comedy pasanga. Spelling mistakes on such a poster.
damn. this means that i can't write android apps until i get back to college. #everythingbroken #needtoupdateeclipse
everythingbroken
needtoupdateeclipse
fletcher must go.
oh. ok ok. thanks. :)
done. :) thanks.
doubt. what is #CLT?
CLT
Back home safely, at last.
Omg! They are finally here!.bedbugs!
Phew! Got out of the traffic jam after nearly an hour!
So much traffic near the toll gate that they are sending off all vehicles w/o collecting any toll, to clear the traffic quickly!
read toi.
That news about the mad bus driver? It will henceforth be referred to as Swargate-gate.
Oooh. RT @TimMoore: Larry Page To Googlers: If You Don't Like 'Search Plus Your World,' Hit The Road (GOOG) http://t.co/Ya0dPzjH
still in the bus. :D
Changed my place once again.
doesn't seemto be.
Omg. He is sitting next to me again and is trying to start a conversation with me now!
Can't switch on gprs to risk draining out my battery completely. Only twitter SMS can keep me awake now.
One thing is sure. I won't be able to sleep with this suspicious character around.
I changed my seat back to the front. Let's see what happens now.
After a while,this guy comes n sits in a diagonally front seat. N starts glancing behind to see what I am upto.
After a while, I said that i am going back n went n sat at the back.
He came and sat down next to me when the almost all rows behind us were empty.
He took some ticket for 120 only which means he'll get down somewhere on the way to Chennai.
Fishy looking character in the bus.
As usual, my phone's battery drains at the start of my journey.
Off to Chennai. Hope to have a safe journey.
These power cuts should be banned.
Tweaking my galaxy ace to look more n more like a wp7 phone. Love it!
This industrial economics class is a waste of our time.
Glad that my teammates accepted my project idea. Hopefully everything should go on smoothly.
Glad that I rooted my phone. Removed some useless apps today.
Awesome lady's fingers in mess today!
Hmmm. I thought I'd want to take a break today. But no. I think I'll go n code now.
need something to drink. parched!
successfully submitted my 3rd and 4th wp7 app today. should wait and see whether they are certified or not.
could not upload as much details as i wanted. shortened it and submitted. too exhausted to complete it fully now.
4 over so far, 150 remaining. Need to speed up.
Here goes, the countdown begins from 154 now.
So, that's decided then. Retiring from college gully cricket as well. No proper ball, no proper rules. Too random for my liking.
After what seems like an eternity, finally got the app ready. Submitted now. Hopefully should get successfully certified.
6 left.
Should ensure I go to sleep properly in the night n not doze off abruptly, like yday.
Hmmm. &quot;Google's earnings disappoint&quot; while &quot;Microsoft's quarterly profits exceeds expectations&quot;? Sign of changing times?
More importantly, I need breakfast.
9 left. I need a break.
7 out of 18.
6 out of 18 done.
Omg! This coffee tastes terrible!! Feel like puking!
Freezing cold outside! According to trichy standards, of course.
Sigh. Finished only 5 out of 18, so far.
Off to driving class now. First day. :-)
Whew. Procedures over. Off to college now.
Waiting in rto office now. Gotta wait till 12 for power to come back, it seems.
at NIT Trichy, my college. Has never been so cold here, before.
Damn. Both, gprs balance n talktime balance out. Must top up today.
hmmm. need more ideas...
should start work on my final sem project soon.
Damn. Tubelight gone in my room.
Can't believe that its so cold here in the campus!
this just took less that &amp;lt;60 seconds. #rootinggalaxyace
rootinggalaxyace
damn! am on a 7 match losing streak. life sucks! #chess
chess
At 35th Chennai book fair now. Wondering how my mom convinced me to come here.
true. but depends on whom u watch along with.
feel like punching myself in the face!
liked ur article in Business Insider on why windows phone will be a success.
a close family friend died in a road accident. he must be only 29-30 years old. got a wife and a daughter.
a few things. voter id card, college id card, atm card and some cash.
i thought yday was terrible. today seems worse.
new day, new beginning.
One hell of a night. Tortured by bedbugs for the past few hours.
yeah. :-(
Disastrous ending to a lousy day. Got pickpocketed in local bus!!
And here it is. Carnatic Quiz app for Windows phone users. http://t.co/Cy6sv0XC
opera seems to be crashing frequently for me. need some other browser that can support slow net connections properly.
that carnatic quiz app has been successfully certified. waiting for it to become active in the windows phone marketplace.
hello twitter. am back.
Library is v nice. Best way to spend an afternoon.
brought my spectacle case to coll only to find that my spectacles aren't inside. left it at home. :(
my fate is sealed. going for two tech electives.
Damn. All the good electives are getting canceled. None of my friend seem to be taking the same choice of electives as myself, too.
ok. :)
sure. do I ask them to contact through twitter?
this summer. am placed in microsoft on-campus, actually. would be interested in an internship.
sorry. saw ur tweet only now. college re-opening tomorrow. so, leaving tonight. can i know more?
most importantly, i want to become more consistent in coding.
enough resolutions about my food intake and health. have taken a few about coding now as well.
some ppl don't deserve even a little help. because they'll stab u in the back, anyway.
Expected. Got terribly low grades in the two most randomly corrected subjects. Stupid correction.
irritated.
i don't understand. shouldn't a company that helps other companies in their hiring process follow the same hiring process??
v nice dp da! :)
too many tutorials available for developing windows phone 7 apps. finding it difficult to choose the best among them.
kutcheri buzz published a small text on my Android app in yday's issue! http://t.co/uVTqrgTo  via http://t.co/DE4Akmwl
today WILL be an eventful day for me. so, i don't think its a new year yet. i want to enjoy this day too.
i dont understand. many ppl dont seem to think that december has 31 days. #newyearwishes
newyearwishes
good morning tweeps.
not yet da. waiting for gokul.
why isn't any1 posting the actual results on facebook??
frustrating! more than 8 hours spent on this stupid thing! i give up!
something similar da. but its pretty stupid.
wth! downloaded 78.6 MB out of 100 odd and it just froze!! next download available only after half an hour.
sometimes ur best intentions are misunderstood.
damn it. cook didn't turn up today. no proper tiffin. can't go out and buy too, due to this hell of a downpour!
stupid windows! doesn't even allow me to change file permissions properly.
sutham. rooting is going to take at least 3 days with this net speed.
i think tonight will be the night when i root my phone. i think it'll take more than tonight to download the necessary files though.
+8. was worth the wait after all. :P
that means my rank is somewhere around 380. oh well.
damn! it seems i flopped my 500pt solution!
that just means i would have to stay awake for a longer time now.
&quot;System test results will be delayed. We'll try to announce them as soon as possible. We apologize for technical problems.&quot; #topcoder
topcoder
lol. this &quot;Value Pack&quot; for Gal S and Tab, 'sounds' silly, although it might be really good.
one thing is for sure. if my rating goes above 1000 today, i'll do a night out. :D
hmmm. tourist seems to be the #1 today, as of now. of course, could Petr be far behind? he's on #2 now.
will do it TRS style. announce my rank on twitter if it is decent. otherwise go to sleep silently. :P
hope i got those 2 problems right.
time for system tests! bring it on! :P
waiting for the challenge phase to start.
hmmm. just one guy submitted a solution for the 1000pt problem in my room.
8 minutes left. oh well. i give up. will learn from the editorial after the contest.
frustrating...
i can never solve these 1000pt problems until i practise more.
hmmm. the next few months will decide whether i want to keep my fb account or not.
almost forgot. topcoder match at 9.30 tonight.
Tab updated to 3.2. Naice. :-)
50% now.
49% of installation done. :-)
Downloaded 3.2 honeycomb update. Updating device now. :-)
3.2 honeycomb update available for my tab! :)
cool. got a pinterest account now. going to try it now.
Hmmm. Time to sit n learn c#.
oh nice. when is ur date of joining?
same for airtel.
Opened cricinfo, clicked live scorecard, first thing I see is: Tendulkar OUT! Lol.
so, where is ur posting? Chennai? Any extra news? Which team?
cool. connectify works perfectly. @connectifyme
tendulkar &amp; dravid: 49th partnership of 50 or more in Tests.
hussey seems to be troubling the batsmen.
hmmm. no century in this test match so far.
poda hilfenaus. not out.
lol. now i see posts ranting abt the kindle fire. lol again.
the most common reply why ppl don't adapt to a new platform: &quot;others aren't on it&quot;. #linux #g+ #wp7
linux
g
wp7
dropped thrice?
&quot;just because others do it&quot; would be the lamest reason of all time.
no. i never backed up all phone contacts to gmail da.
yeah! still haven't finished deleting contacts starting with 'A'!!
realized that i had synced my google+ contacts along with their profile images to my android phone. that explains y phone memory got full.
yay! shifted old photos from mob to comp and freed 700mb on sd card.
paruppu saadham at pathu mani pm.
dei! its super awesome da!
wow! congrats da!! kalakku!!
damn! sadly yes.
expecting a dravid, sachin and a ponting century. come on!
nice one!
does anyone else think that the galaxy y ad looks stupid? #overacting
overacting
Created my own Android app and launched it on the market. http://t.co/FZQht9QE
true. its too early.
that must be the second time today that ponting lost his balance after playing a shot.
don't u think he is struggling against those balls outside the off-stump? he might edge them any time.
if is awake at odd hours in the morning, go check ur tv. there must be an awesome cricket test series going on!
ponting plays football to keep the ball away from the stumps.
all australian batsmen struggling against bouncers.
umesh strikes again! marsh goes for a duck!
Warner gone!
Yay. Covers are off once again.
I just watched one ball! Damn! Rains.
thanks! :)
for those who missed this tweet earlier: to all carnatic music fans who own an android, i present you this. http://t.co/RaIEv4qq
I still love how dickens portrayed scrooge.
Today is christmas? Bah! Humbug.
about right time too. power cut now.
should keep improvising it.
there it is! finally on the app market. available for download. https://t.co/ldgwSGrQ
typed 100+ questions and answers for the app! fingers paining. must take a break.
i just left my seat once to drink water. must've been 5-6 hours of continuous work from today morning.
it is undeniably a mokka app as of now. but at least, the first version is ready.
have never worked this hard in my life! the first version of my app is ready. learning how to sign and upload in the market.
what a terrible start to the day!
lol. will surely get to know tomorrow then. :) good night.
ok. :) btw, i follow ur tweets regularly but do not know ur real name. can i know now? :D
great! am attending ganesh-kumaresh concert at 5.30 am tomo in panchamuga anjaneyar temple in mylapore. will be in academy at 8. :)
i would like to meet u tweeps interested in carnatic music. am one too. saw ur timeline n realized that there seem to be many of u.
u were there? i thought amrit's lec-dem was good too.
why the hell am i so inconsistent in coding?!!
ganesh-kumaresh concert in that anjaneyar temple tomo morning at 5.30! yay! i remember how wonderful it was last time!
awake at last!
so, here i am, beginning work on my final year project.
as said brilliantly by my friend, when u don't know what to do next, do the job that u will have to do for sure, anyway.
update for my rapidminer tool? u must be kidding! i downloaded it this morning!
Both lec dems were awesome today! Totally worth skipping today's srm.
Never did I know that Umayalpuram Sivaraman could be so witty while speaking!
&quot;Every rhythm has a counter rhythm.&quot; - Trichy shankaran. #ethirnadai
ethirnadai
Not because I follow the thanjavur style of playing, but I personally don't like how the palani style sounds. #mirudangam
mirudangam
had to choose between today's tc match or the lec-dem on &quot;Sri. Harishankar style of khanjira playing&quot; by Sri. Amrit. chose the latter.
i don't like it at all when more than one interesting event happens at the same time.
hmmm. realized that i might not be able to attend today's tc srm. sigh.
good morning tweeps.
del. Google for the apk file. Problem solved. :P
checking out the google currents app now.
first time i see so many of my friends talk abt something related to google+, after the first week. #schemer
schemer
check HK's fb post.
ask da.
woah! when did this release? never knew about this.
my grandma's feedback after listening to kola veri: &quot;dhanush has sung well. he has maintained shruthi properly.&quot;
i wonder why ppl like foursquare. hmmm.
back to using macbuntu.
sigh. still haven't found an driver update that fixes my touchpad on windows. i don't want to resort using a mouse.
Removed my mobile cover n been like that for the past one week. This feels much better.
sony pix must be having some deal with the producers of the Resident Evil series. daily some movie from that series.
but that is more related to ppl involved in a medical profession. i think i'll go ahead with my idea.
a brilliant idea struck me. when i googled abt it, sadly someone had beat me to it. it is this. http://t.co/3w46Sybc
this is the article that i am reading now. really well written! http://t.co/PY8Z44Xj
TIL abt docblocks. nice. :)
going to spend time today on stackoverflow.
Preparing for carnatic music quizzes now. Any suggestions?
omg! never knew that there was a windows phone camp in chennai today. could've learnt something.
RIM stopped innovating over the past few years.
brand value can't stand forever. apple regularly released new innovations over the last decade. RIM didn't.
of course, there is this ubislate thingy but it doesn't even satisfy some basic requirements.
i repeat. kindle fire isn't THE android tablet. its the poor man's tablet.
Playing the khanjira would surely improve my mirudangam playing.
Started playing the khanjira again. So much fun!
Wth! Four 29c passed but not a single 27d!
Second time I'm seeing her!
Jayalalitha in a convoy!
Maayamma ninne now.
As brilliant as ever! Trichur brothers in music academy singing awesomely!
there should be an #IdiotKiranBedi trending tag.
IdiotKiranBedi
whew. xda-developers is back.
Had an awesome day today!
wth airtel! losing money at regular intervals when i am not even using my phone! no call, sms or gprs.
wow! finishing off long pending problems on spoj at a decent rate. happening only after i began to realize that coding is fun.
accepted now. :) potuko!
lol. yeah.
remember that CSTREET problem? there is a price per unit length input parameter called p da. lol.
slept for only 4 hours, walked around for 2 hours n ppl at home are getting angry that i'm not coming along with them to a lec dem now!
Outside kapaleeshwarar temple now. Waiting for our bhajan troupe to start.
+32 :-)
that should have been a flopcoder match as i slept off in the middle of the srm. cant stay awake for even a sec more. good night tweeps.
topcoder first. twitter later.
dad askin for android phone suggestions. does tat mean tat its time to get a new one for myself n hand over the one i have right now,to dad?
bro stopped changing channels n paused on  'oda oda oda thooram puriyala' song. patti asking whether this is the kolaveri song.
lol. every1 in my family getting more and more 'youth' and 'dude-like' these days.
parents and grandparents praising will smith's acting.
omg. almost forgot. topcoder srm tonight.
some ppl are so talented that they are awesome at everything that they play around with. #amazed
amazed
just realized that an android device is more useful for creative people than nerds like me.
nice app discovered by my friend. rangoli kolam on android. https://t.co/Tpb8LTUy..
now is the time i get over my laziness and do something important!
off to music academy canteen with harimanjunathan.
student. or student at nit-t.
one of my classmate's linked-in intro reads - head of some pragyan event. is that how one introduces themselves to others? find it strange.
reminded of the da vinci code where the thatha says that everyone is entitled to hold their secrets.
RMS is the Karl Marx of the software industry.
the free software philosophy would have died if it not were for torvald's outstanding work.
but it should entirely be the choice of the programmer or the organization.
of course, software can continue to be commercially available too.
just as every1 is encouraged to do social service, every programmer must be encouraged to contribute to open source.
reading a biography on stallman. feel that the open source ideology is more like socialism.
Damn! Forgot to update my gprs pack.
Listening to Bombay sisters at music academy main hall now.
Insane crowd for t.n.krishnan's lec-dem at music academy mini hall! No place to even stand!
another useless day.
hmmm. this twitter 'discover' feature is exactly what i had in mind for my project. gotta think of a new one now.
how much ever hard i try, some things can never be done.
invading other countries, SOPA, tasering, pepper spraying. what next america?
at the end of the day, i'd rather live in a stupid country that i know than live in a stupid country that i don't know.
idiot american congressmen. they seem to be worse than our politicians.
i could also stop tweeting and start working.
i could write some wp7 apps. might help understanding a few unknown stuff. #c#
c
i could build write a few android apps. or spend time on improving the wordpress android app too.
i could start my btech final project. got to read more papers abt data mining tweets, as my proj is related to it! ;)
i could start my preparation for code jam. spoj, codechef and topcoder beckon.
now that there is no answer to &quot;what should i do?&quot;, its time to answer &quot;what can i do?&quot;.
i want to attend a few lecture demonstrations in the morning today.
wouldn't mind if BB is replaced by wp in the 3rd spot.
glad that the trip went without any problems. whew!
back home at last! :)
Cool. Update for my galaxy tab 10.1.
full freedom. v encouraging.
wow! my prof is super cool! :)
Stupid powercut. Need to stay in the dark for the next 45 min or leave. I'll stay.
damn. just wait for a few months n u get a smartphone with similar features but for half the price. #galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
Stupid powercut!
At kulithalai station now. Which means trichy junction is next. :-)
Whew! Reached station safely, one hour before my train departs.
Yay! Signal, at last!
signal at least now!
Reached munnar safely.
thanks to twitter, I am able to update my close ones with what I am doing.
hope to have a safe trip.
luckily, abhishek bachchan doesn't see my tweets.
r we going to kochi or directly to munnar? no idea.
the bus starts at last.
typical. arbit stranger sitting next to me in bus.
yeppa, please start our bus. Unbearably hot in here.
That same feeling after I wrote jee n after I got placed. &quot;What do I do from now on?&quot;
and finally, the big day is here. acm icpc amritapuri regionals 2011 contest in a few hours. #amicpc
amicpc
off to the beach, at last, after so much waiting. #amicpc
amicpc
all tweets tagged with #amicpc being displayed here. hmmm.
amicpc
Registering for munnar trip now. #amicpc
amicpc
Practice contest n lunch done. :) #amicpc
amicpc
not with battery life. but with battery sensors, yes.
At kayankulam at last.
nice weather here. :-)
heard that the battery indicator in unrooted android phones doesn't work properly. should root mine soon.
hmmm. all sabarimala devotees getting down here.
at chengannur station now. kayankulam would be next.
yay. able to charge my phone, at last.
dammit. roaming charges for incoming calls. should remember that.
oops. forgot that battery was low. should stop tweeting. good thing that it has survived the night anyway.
nothing scheduled for today. but I think today will still be good. looking forward to an exciting day. :)
hmmm. train delayed by 1.5 hours. should have reached kayankulam by now. now only at kottayam.
Good morning tweeps! :)
no 20 print outs for the contest, this time?
ennadhu? gandhi sethuttaara? :P
opened up cricinfo to find out that jadeja has bowled a maiden now! in this pitch!! #whattaman
whattaman
i know. ubuntu is my primary distro anyway. had built chromium os on my pendrive 11 months ago, just for fun.
i was trying to remove a problem. the problem itself is solved!!
and it reboots chroimium os again! twitter, facebook and g+ were all crashing earlier. n they work fine now! lol!
enna pa comedy ithu! i format the pendrive through windows n reboot my comp.
reason? can't even update the software in it.
correction. &quot;chromium&quot; os.
planning to remove this 'old' chrome OS from my pendrive.
i am missing #in50hrs again, this weekend! sigh. why do big events combine all the time?
in50hrs
yay! solved one silly problem that had been bugging me for so many days. simple DP but i had been thinking that it was much tougher.
i like this. waking up early and compensating for it in the afternoon with a nap. :) feel so fresh now.
wth! i can't even solve a minimizing knapsack problem. getting errors. hmmm.
i swear i wont play this crazily addicting game for the next 1 week! it is beginning to ruin my life.
since i am in a bad mood, i'll play for a while and then sit and study properly.
what do i do now? surrender to my addiction of playing &quot;dungeon defenders: second wave&quot; or sit and code properly?
i will never be able to look at a computer the same way again. coz everything looks so damn fuzzy! #eyepower
eyepower
my previous tweet kinda summarizes how my life is. sigh...
thanks! :)
good morning appa! topcoder match at 7.30 am. that's why. :)
woke up early at home, at last!
my headache might be due to that #IdiotKapilSibal.
IdiotKapilSibal
cooking noodles now. :)
omg!! i have 83 machine learning videos to watch! this is going to take a long long time.
i know some tv serials like dexter are supposed to be good. but no, thanks. i'd rather not waste my time on them.
how much have i lost in life due to my laziness?? more importantly, how much more will i lose? hmmm. need to change. drastically.
omg! i cant even watch a single video attentively for ten minutes! yawning continuously! :P
these videos are split into nice, small segments. just love it! now on to &quot;Cost Function - Intuition 1&quot;.
i wonder how ppl write fast. i need to relearn the act of writing.
hmmm. cost function...
been a really long time since i viewed those stanford machine learning class videos. continuing it now.
worked hard for more than an hour! long time since that happened!
just had an epiphany. what do i really want to do?
wow! where?
all i do is play games or try to write some code. hopefully everything will change in 2 weeks.
i need to learn to interact with people better. so many years of living through my comp has diminished my ppl skills.
i have become a zombie... &quot;BRAINS!! BRAINS!!&quot;
let me get back to work now.
worst part of waking up after a long sleep is feeling sleepy again.
Operation Die Barbosa successfully going on. #antipiracy
antipiracy
yes.
I know its going to be difficult w/o those free pirated songs. But I'll somehow manage.
That's it. I have decided. Not going to support piracy anymore. Going to delete all the songs that I have.
guys check out TouchPal. @kgdinesh
where r those sad songs when u want to listen to them?
the worst thing feeling is when ur life sucks n u get to know that its you, who is responsible for it.
hmmm. these school kids are from SBOA.
dear friends, first stop cheating in exams. u can then complain about corruption in the country. #dirtonyourback
dirtonyourback
nice. a lot of school children on a visit to the library. their teachers accompanying them. :-)
lol at kamal hassan's hypocrisy. :-D
wow! congrats to everyone at ur home! congrats, chithappa! :-)
TIL that AVL in AVL trees stand for Adelson-Velskii and Landis.
Yuvan Shankar Raja brays like a donkey. abaswaram max!
i am qualified to be a Radio Jockey. all i have to do is be my usual self n blabber continuously.
these lights in the library that switch on automatically when someone approaches them are #win.
win
at the same time, there are few ppl who can explain stuff superbly! and is one of them.
he wasnt even bothered to confirm whether I understood that concept or not.
just read up on a topic that one of my nerdy friends had tried explaining earlier. realized how bad he was at explaining.
Nice songs playing in the radio. :-)
awesome! at last, found some really awesome books on algos in this library! yay!
not able to view the comp properly. need to wear my glasses. finding it extremely difficult.
at Anna centenary library with parents, tweeting from my tab. :P
sigh. ended up watching dbz videos on youtube with bro.
will read that pdf on pattern matching using distributed systems. #readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
wth doesn't my twitter follower count ever reach 300? new ppl keep following me, but bots keep dropping out all the time. &amp;gt;290 for a month.
there. have planned whatever i want to do! NOW, HAVE TO EXECUTE MY PLANS!!! AAAAAAAA......... #panicmode
panicmode
got to plan! got to plan! GOT TO PLAN!!!
even during holidays, i panic!
i haven't still understood what to do for this webinar thingy.
spoj servers seem to be responding too slow today.
good morning folks. long time since i woke up this late.
this dungeon defenders second wave game on my android tab has been downloading stuff from the net for nearly a day! before it can start.
most probably going tomorrow with bro da.
never knew this! hover over the audio icon in the gnome taskbar and scroll using ur touchpad. the volume will change accordingly. naaice...
lol. #whattaman jagi.
whattaman
lol. no da. wondering how to solve a particular problem that i am facing. i solved it earlier. don't remember now.
done. http://t.co/bkNMFQJp
hmmm.
off to inox to watch tintin with bro.
rumors r tat they r selling it at a loss. they aim to make profit when ppl buy amazon stuff through it. u didn't knw that?
what no content? lol. what r u saying da?
not exactly. now ppl think amazon is the only contender to apple. samsung and asus beat the shit out of both.
lol. oh yeah. they NEED an iPad. alright.
please call!!
ppl buy an iPad bcoz they don't go to the market searching for a tablet. they want only an iPad n nothing else.
its just $199. why else do u think ppl were buying?
reviews say that there is no obvious difference in the speeds.
because its cheap da. u r talking as if other android tabs don't even have an android market.
dei, those amazon apps are android apps da! amazon didn't create those apps.
dei kindle fire runs on android da.
there is nothing professional about tabs. they are mainly for consuming multimedia. play games, watch movies.
that's exactly my point. u don't suggest ppl go buy something w/o giving an overall comparison. u r misleading them.
no. the reviewers don't give a damn about android tabs. ppl aren't aware of what's better. most sensible ppl go for android
kindle fire is no way a match for ipad2 da. and some android tabs are better than ipad2 too. i don't get u. wt u saying?
and u don't suggest someone to buy something w/o comparing to the rest of the available products.
not exactly. reviews were out long back. this is not the usual this-vs-that comparison. its buy this vs buy that.
irctc - &quot;Service Unavailable&quot;
as usual, irctc throwing up problems.
i think i'll root my phone before these hols end.
most of these blog articles about the ipad2 and kindle fire seem like paid articles to me. and they end up misleading everyone.
comparing the kindle fire with ipad 2 sounds ridiculous to me. maybe not to everyone though. there are better android tabs that beat both!!
good morning everyone! :)
lol. wait da worst fellows. i just love this waiting game! :) super build-up!
what should i do today?
its really dumb that ppl rate ipad 2 &amp;gt; kindle fire &amp;gt;&amp;gt; anything else. and that's what i call stupidity is.
never underestimate the stupidity of people.
Harvinder Singh is actually Ricky Ponting in disguise. push then, slap now.
seriously, ndtv. is a 30rd yr old guy referred to as a youth?
want to badly see a pic in which officer pike and sharad pawar are together. #macecop #pawarslap
macecop
pawarslap
chocobar! :D
time for a little codechef now.
done. replied to the 3rd person too. now to contact one important person.
second person contacted too. now for the third.
done. first person contacted. now for the second.
there. second done too. while i am doing the third, i have 3 ppl to reply to.
there. the first job is over. :) now for the second.
why twitter actually helps me: i imagine tweets to be slots and i manage my work in between them. how's that? #slottedaloha @unreachableHost
slottedaloha
hmmm. i am clocking my all time high in typeracer but the whole thing leaves me v unsatisfied. off to those 3 things now.
hmmm. 3 things to finish in the next half an hour. but before that, typeracer!
realized that twitter actually helps me manage things.
after so many days, nay, months, i have never felt so inspired to get back to coding!
for 7 days out of the past 9 days, I've been waking up at 4. tomo also same. #exhausted
exhausted
its really good da. the tablet experience. i wouldn't be able to compare tablets, but this is realy good!
wow! this tablet experience is outrageously good!!
got into bus at last!
wow! 21g! ...going in the other direction.
waiting for 21g now...
nasty auto driver. kalaaichutarama! po po.
I expected jayalalitha to have replaced these bed bugs in tnstc buses as they were present during the dmk regime too.
&quot;tambaram tambaram!&quot; ok ok mr.conductor, I am awake now. been awake almost the whole night.
I wonder why I should pay so much for a seat when they can't even keep it free of bed bugs.
why is my phone battery draining like crazy???
some things happen. some things don't. life is one strange game.
the bigger ur plans are, the harder they collapse.
those idiots at facebook seem to have deleted my account!
will be off twitter for the next one week. so then. ta ta. bye for now. #exams
exams
Good morning twitter! :)
haven't studied this sincerely in years! feels nostalgic.
will stop studying for the day, spend time on twitter for a while, and then go to sleep.
noooooooooooooooooo!!!
#machanIf there is 'parsi'ng, then why isn't there any hinduing, musliming or christianing? #runsaway
machanIf
runsaway
but with the state of my stomach in recovery mode, i dare not try anything ambitious!
hungry! right time to go munch on something perhaps?
there it is. one of the &quot;jayalalitha extra-special&quot; powercuts to her loyal citizens. :/
how will you verify that it is allowed in the court? don't want you to get into trouble.
love your tweets. please keep us updated.
oooh. its analysis and synthesis phase. and not synthesis and optimization phase as i thought earlier.
and there'll be a powercut in 10 min. darn.
operation: dist-comp. duration: next 2.5 days. resource: brain. target: these ebooks. will i succeed? let's go! BHARATH MATHA KI JAI!
thanks! :)
the best part is, i wouldn't have bought a tab if i knew earlier that i wud get selected. now i'm selected and i have bought the tab too! :D
my belief in God just shot up to a new maximum! :D
woohoo! selected for the next icpc round. :)
it is during powercuts like these that i wish that i had my galaxy tab 750 with me. can study from it anywhere.
cha. i have begun to complain a lot. who's to blame? not me. :P
anirudh24seven
first, flipkart sent me a faulty tab. then icpc amritapuri ppl haven't called r team. &amp; nw i realize that LFY hasn't shipped my t-shirt yet.
receiving poor service from different organizations for no particular reason. :(
three cheers for @flipkart! they delivered the replacement galaxy tab 750 today! but i'd have to wait for 2 weeks to use it though...
although the tab is in good condition, one of the samsung seals were broken again. but the other seal kept the casing closed.
i got news that the replacement Galaxy Tab 750 arrived today and its in good condition. thank you. :)
my tip was published in the Tips and Tricks section last month but I was never contacted for the T-shirt. Can u look into it?
as always, i would suggest vim. but u might have to install a few plugins too, to make it more convenient.
need a break!
wow! twitter introduces something new after a long time. Activity! :)
omg! big news! teams from r coll ranked behind us r getting calls from acm amritapuri ppl. y haven't we got any, yet? wil v even get a call?
there. cleaned my room. washed my face. prayed for a while. lit an agarbathi. gonna start studying now. :)
should stop trying to go to sleep and start studying
wth! i shouldn't feel sleepy now!! what's wrong with me??
twitter and reddit don't prevent me from studying. they prevent me from dozing off.
even though I didn't get my tab, had a jolly, happy weekend at home. :) was worth it.
are funny tweets on juniors allowed? :D :P ;)
how have u prepared for compiler lab exam da?
i faced the same problem too. but strangely, when u go to d market and lookup google+, it shows an update option. updating nw.
damn. everything going totally the wrong way.
which also means that i've nothing else to do but just shut up and study
so, although they were v nice and immediately ordered a replacement, it still means that my plan to get it by this weekend failed.
just went and saw in my flipkart account that they had placed an order for the replacement. dunno when i'll get it though. mostly tue/wed.
had a perfectly bad day.
1 of ur executives said tat a replacement would be shipped tonight &amp; i'll get a mail regarding it. haven't got it yet. status plz?
they understood that i had a genuine problem and agreed to ship it by tonight itself, even though it is a difficult procedure! wow!
omg! service is truly awesome! they have agreed to ship it by tonight itself! brilliant!!
i can take pics of the screen of the tab that i received and send it across if you want. if that will help in any way...
why? why does this happen to me???
next 2 days hols as well. so, i surely can't get my tab before leaving home. and i'll be back only on the 23rd. which is upsetting... :(
kinda heartening to realize that their customer service is good. but some mistake somewhere and i'm the one affected by it. :(
they were kinda surprised that the seal within the flipkart packaging was broken. i am surprised too! some1 has packaged a bad box.
got another call from flipkart. they have agreed to look into the issue. but not possible to get a replacement by today. :(
i dont wanna take this with me now da. its not a new order. its a replacement na. need to give this back to get a new one.
bad bad day...
that means that i wouldn't be able to use it until my sem exams get over and my hols begin! need not have come back home this weekend. :(
have contacted customer service who duly apologized and agreed to replace it. but wouldn't get a replacement until tuesday. :(
and the tablet's screen has a few marks on it too! never expected such a poor service from @flipkart!
ouch!! after hours of waiting, i get a galaxy tab 750 box with broken seals from @flipkart! shocked!!
not yet. the chennai flipkart facility has received mine a few minutes back, though. courtesy: track ur shipment feature.
32k in flipkart.
i think interviewstreet. @kgdinesh
galaxy tab 750 (10.1)
back home :)
signs of tiredness creeping in
meanwhile, iris is still up n running. :P #siridown
siridown
mokka pasanga. they complain abt the coll n claim that they want to leave it asap n now they talk abt senti feelings! #hypocrites
hypocrites
lol. hearing news that siri is down! :P
hope flipkart doesn't be over sincere n deliver my tab tomo itself. I don't want my bro to open it before I reach home.
ppl dont understand the meaning of a choice. u can choose to stay or leave. just dont stop others from leaving.
i don't understand when ppl complain to me when i criticize some1's views. they can have their views. so will i, about them.
soooo confused now! mind not working...
some indecent ppl opposing the new director's move citing pragyan, nittfest, symposium and senti feelings!!
new director therikka vidaraar! piri man! so many changes coming about in college!!
distributed computing, it is.
wow! a guy from just called me now to confirm my order. nice. :-)
guess, i'll go have my first proper meal of the day now.
ordered a galaxy tab 750 at last, now. :)
sigh...
hope I don't doze off now n miss my exam.
feeling feverish too. kinda scared. this shouldn't be happening.
argh! why doesnt everything happen the way it is supposed to?
didnt have breakfast or lunch today. why then is my stomach paining?
now for the 'creative' part. meh.
google doesn't seem to give a damn for users with slow internet connection.
ordering it on flipkart tomorrow. will most prolly get it by this weekend then.
got that creative writing assignment to complete now.
the first thing i'll do after getting my galaxy tab 750 would be to test the wordpress app n start working on it!
same here
i m writing an assignment with the help of the light from my lappy because of powercut. somebody give me a medal please.
woke up from an extremely long nap. which means that i've got to start on assignments now.
there. much better now after wearing my glasses.
having more problems with eyesight. guess i need to start wearing my specs more regularly now.
seri. washed those clothes now. what do i do next?
am so absent minded. forgot to dry those clothes that i had soaked yesterday morning! they stink now! :(
hope u know about the oil slick problem with so many galaxy tab 10.1 models globally. what abt the ones available at flipkart?
twitter on opera turbo mode keeps getting reloaded again and again, making it nearly unusable! i wonder why.
now that galaxy tab 10.1 is in line for ICS update, i'm surely gonna get one within a week!
hi. wouldn't it be a long time before Asus Transformer 2 (Prime) launches in india? what will the tentative pricing be?
what u doing da? i m v bored.
as rightly said, i feel a myriad of emotions every instant.
it is mildly surprising to note that we came extremely close to solving one more problem in both contests.
no no. just realized that i had stopped coding for myself &amp; was just trying to win contests. gonna change tat attitude. :)
dei dei. i am talking about coding/programming da!
?
lol. that's the source. but that isn't the reason. :)
ah. inner peace at last! :)
the next few hours will determine my actions for the next few months.
sigh...
my spider senior surath (ex-presi) got placed in google today! :)
i didn't miss anything important today, right?
Immortals of Meluha was a worthy read.
got a lot of work to finish by monday. i better start today.
the nitt gtug website is up! http://t.co/ZSHtIRKA
yes da. am coming only tomorrow.
argh! just found out the mistake made in problem E of amrita icpc online round! stupid mistake in logic! @ashwinjagadeesh
well said. #ubunturage http://t.co/gpEYRX1E
ubunturage
extremely irritated. but I'm not leaving home tonight. get lost college!
damn. my class rep tells me now that there is a submission tomorrow! I hate my college!
oh. that's the only reason is it? then I surely want to bunk tomorrow.
nope. I didn't. y u leaving today then? I was thinking of bunking tomo but haven't decided.
what about compilers program? submission tomo right?
vim golf! :) http://t.co/V67merA9
when u going to college?
is it my slow internet connection or are there any problems with the #NokiaWorld live streaming website?
NokiaWorld
wth! the #nokiaWorld live webcast page says that webcast limit has been reached! i cant view anything. this is stupid.
nokiaWorld
that was one extremely long nap that I had! slept for so many hours!
and of course, happy deepavali!! :)
so tired! wont be able to stay awake even for 1 more minute! good night everyone! #exhausted
exhausted
have requested for a better url for the nitt gtug website. meanwhile, the unofficial url is: http://t.co/UPWwDerO
photos on gtug website have been uploaded. :)
i shouldn't be tired now but i am. every1 at home already gone to sleep.
working on the gtug website now. uploading the gtug kickoff photos to the site as well.
i give up. i am not going to download ubuntu 11.10 now with this slow net connection at home.
this tiwary fellow has no control over his bowling. tossing up diwali sweets for the english batsmen.
personally, i don't like unity or gnome-shell but i heard that 11.10 provides a better experience on netbooks than 11.04.
downloading ubuntu 11.10 now. planning to put it on my pendrive and test it out on my mom's netbook and show her how awesome ubuntu is. ;)
india needs a wicket. quick.
exactly!
its been a really long time since i bought some book. especially a comp sci book.
got myself a jeans pant for tomo and a few books on comp sci as well. :)
back home after shopping. :)
did that loooong ago.
oops. spent all my time on google+ now. got to start.
going to attempt a few problems related to segment trees now.
woke up at last!
I prefer g+ over fb becoz I can hv healthy discussions on technology on g+ while friends n relatives on fb think tat i'm spammin their walls
what plans for the day? :)
back home :)
happy birthday da! :-)
was made to shift to the adjacent seat with problems in my sleepy state. woke up now n politely asked him for my original seat. he agreed.
checking twitter through sms.
machi, noone in our wing n ur clothes and umbrella seemed unsafe outside. have put them in my room.
who's going to watch the new srk movie? No.One. @Laugh_Riot
don't worry. ur team itself is a joke. :P #justkidding #runsaway
justkidding
runsaway
doesn't it even cost the usual rate?
been an extremely long time since i had a decent internet connection...
thanks. i think i'll wait.
i think i should go and sleep once again now. feel as if i bumped my head against a brick wall.
2 hours of powercut over. when will the next one be?
what a dumb government! we are having 3 times more power cuts than what we used to have!
when in india?
i have been eyeing the galaxy tab 750 (10.1&quot;) for a long time now. shall i go ahead and buy it?or should i wait for an ics tablet?
power cut?? now?? why???? :(
yay! power back!
damn!! powercut! won't come back surely for an hour now. :-(
dei, i meant study for tomo's exam da. mobile computing.
time to get up and study
power went at 6 am. :-/ hope it comes back at 8.
it says that my prev tweet was through ubuntu. oh well.
what is this twitter client? gwibber? just found it in my panel bar.
disable. u can hide them. that's just abt it.
both the have the same low baritone kind of a start. :) @techrsr
1440 twitter users make an eench. :P @kgdinesh
shhh apple fan boys. its our turn now. #android
android
Tango supports video chat in android phones with just a camera at the back!
congrats!! :D
iris is awesome! for those who haven't used it, it is the equivalent of siri on iphone, for android. and it was built in just 8 hours!!
love the tune. :) #kolaveri
kolaveri
I find so many ppl around me use :wq for save and exit, instead of :x. How do I effectively convince them to use :x?
does a concept of exploiting sms's to compromise mobile phones, exist? @_iakkom
kili-tas.
Hard earned parottas
when they ask me why I got low marks, I'll point a finger and say, &quot;these buhari fellows pa. go on. arrest them.&quot;
these buhari fellows are worst, I say.
is back to my usual abnormal self. :P
dunno what to feel. :|
i want to do something about it!
am so pissed off that we might not make it!
is selection for on-site going to be the 1st team from each college and then rank-wise allocation if slots are available?
sigh.
&quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot; is an anagram of &quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot;.
.skype, viber, fring, nimbuzz, tango and so many other options. what do we go with?
.i would at least need such an app to contact u ppl w/o knocking on your doors everytime.
we need not pay these carriers if we wanna call each other.
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
dear friends w/ android, y don't we all start usin some phone-call-thru-internet app like skype, viber, etc? wud be gr8 if all of us hv it.
Opera, both desktop and mobile is built for the masses.
that was one insanely long nap that i had.
love the vishnu sahasranamam recitation by T.S.Ranganathan. awesome voice. spiritual feeling.
?
wud like to knw wthr thr hav been incidents where &amp;gt;1million ppl using GSM roaming mobiles meetin up in a location hv crashed a VLR. @_iakkom
dear iPhone 4S user, if u bought it just to be in an 'elite' crowd, u sure are arrogant.
Damn these powercuts!
gave a 2 hour talk on android at nitt-gtug kickoff event now. abt 100 ppl turned up.
nitt gtug successfully started off today!
NITT GTUG Kickoff event today. gonna give a talk on Android.
someone will fork it da. if noone does, i will.
what???????? nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
no option for gnome 2 classic?
coughing like crazy!
awesome article!
#dell
dell
websites need to provide something between actual websites and a mobile site for users like me on a slow internet connection.
in fact, i/o operations aren't natively supported by c.
many updates to Ritchie's death with a printf statement. on a different note, printf isn't natively supported by c, right? we need stdio.h.
All I can think of now, is food. Off to grab something to eat.
using free wifi from clc now.
what a stupid boring class!
couldn't go less than 303 bytes. hmmm...
i give up! i can't write the soln in &amp;lt;256 bytes.
these problems are so hard that even the editorials for them make little sense!
thanksu pa!
My tip got published in this month's lfy magazine. I remember sending it in months ago!
ah. last bench after a long time.
no water anywhere? that's insane!
voted now. :)
not feeling productive? start studying for exams. your productivity in other activities would dramatically increase.
Dart! #google
google
woke up at last!
tried the android yoga app?
What everyone is too polite to say about steve jobs. http://t.co/FF3ljxGR
it used to be. long ago, march used to be the first month of the year. jan and feb were added later. sept=7 oct=8 nov=9 dec=10
oops. thursday perhaps?
will intro to android be enough? planning to make it short and simple as all of us have CT's next week.
they expect us to conduct a kickoff session before wednesday. i think we'd be able to do it.
will tuesday be fine? We need to get permission for venue n put up posters too tomo. suggestions?
suggestions for gtug kickoff event?
Thank you for the private beta invite! http://t.co/1GPO8eU9
.is brilliant!
Am watching that recording of Dalai Lama &amp; Desmond Tutu hangout now. http://t.co/kwPhdAP9
btw, i want to know which book to study compilers from.
this might be a bit long. u can just skim through though. http://t.co/x3MIHPfi
it IS tough. but spending time with it improves your style of coding in procedural based languages.
wow! the haskell session at today's ilugc meet was awesome!
at the ilugc meeting now. was discussing abt scalable systems earlier. discussing about RoR now.
Samsung and google postponing their conference due to jobs death. Apple themselves wouldn't do such a thing.
getjar \m/
http://t.co/woaM7zL4 makes typing easier and quicker!
i think i'll attend the ilugc meet today. its been a long time...
tried SwiftKey x?
SwiftKey x is super awesome! Free on getjar!
my brother is still active on orkut!
got my gsoc t-shirt and certi now! here's my certi. http://t.co/4qc3vWF4
nice. :)
never! i say, never!
omg! woke up to the bad news now. RIP Steve Jobs. :(
why do i prefer twitter and google+ over facebook? because most of the posts on fb are not even worth looking at.
some ppl will watch any form of cricket. even something as bad as a champions league match that doesn't involve any of the teams u support.
golden rule on the internet: never argue w/ morons and noobs. oh yeah, moronic noobs too.
Gaah! Exaggeration! Y.YOU.EXIST??
if this goes any further, i am gonna start a series of guest rage comics.
my mom interrupts my 4 hour sleep and asks me to get ready to meet navarathiri guests. one more reason for me to dislike guests.
Johny English Reborn is one awesome movie! Enjoyed it with friends. :-)
exactly!
and after so many months, apple comes out with a copy of samsung galaxy s2.
nice that express avenue provides free wifi for 2 hours.
does the movie at EA plan still exist? plz keep me updated.
good morning tweeps. :-)
a third yr just now came up to me and asked authoritatively whether i was a second yr. bulbed him with the truth.
gonna reach central bus stand, trichy.
just like every centOS fan would be happy with a redhat release, i am happy that iphone5 is coming. #android
android
&quot;a faceless enemy is the most dangerous.&quot; #apple
apple
&quot;there are so many awesome open source projects online that, to simply waste one's time is a sin. go contribute!&quot;
when will google come up with an equivalent of amazon silk?
its fun to travel as long as u dont have to drag a strolley along.
#f8fefc? (tumblr's) @ferozenaina
f8fefc
gotta go have lunch but this lathangi piece by U Srinivas is holding me back. #whattaman
whattaman
can't read the text clearly though. color of fonts can be lighter. @sathya3445
be at irc://freenode/nitt from now on. we'll chat.
twidge is written in haskell. must learn haskell then.
huge weekend coming up. from tomo till sunday. #dussehraholidays
dussehraholidays
good morning folks! :)
what a day! got flamed by almost everyone!! :-/
checking out twidge once again.
this month is gonna be big. last shot at ACM ICPC.
did you check ur room number on ur door? i changed it today morning. :P
where are you?
and of course, a good amount of sleep can lead to happiness too. :P
just re-learnt one important lesson today. happiness isn't always defined by happy incidents. sometimes, peace and calm lead to happiness.
thanks to for enabling access to ~145 GB of space in my system. :)
listening to Saraswatipriya alapana. never heard this before. always feels good to listen to a new raaga.
shankarabharanam alapana by L.Subramaniam is so comforting and heavenly! :)
Radiance theme in ubuntu is really good. :)
seriously, today has been one of the worst days ever. only good part is, i kinda felt yday, that today would be bad. don't ask me why.
of course, we lost too. but again, that is usual. don't feel that i am worthy of selection. let at least others get a chance.
went to play with a team full of bowlers, never got a chance to bowl, got bowled golden duck. worst of all, i snapped n fought wd d captain.
of course, that decision has got everything to do with me, rather than anything/anyone else. #disappointed
disappointed
worst day of cricket ever! i hereby quit playing cricket at NIT Trichy.
worst monday morning ever!!
clarification: &quot;msp program&quot; meant &quot;applying for msp program&quot; in my prev tweet.
2nd step of msp program hopefully over. can concentrate on icpc preparations properly now.
at code obfuscation finals now. #shaastra
shaastra
of course, it also means that there is a lot of opportunity for the rest of mankind.
have lost hope in mankind. almost everyone wants to #timepass all the time!
timepass
but why code heavily during powercut/travel. 1 Lappy + 1 netbook seems to be a good idea.
u guys can get a netbook...
got selected for code obfuscation finals. that means i have to go back to iit-m for #shaastra today...
shaastra
thanks to for submitting my mobile computing classwork today! :)
keywords of talks that crowds are always attracted to: 1. Hacking 2.Android #lessonslearned #shaastra
lessonslearned
shaastra
insane crowd for the android dev lecture by @lut4rp!! #shaastra
shaastra
will play maybe after icpc.
at an awesome talk by arvind gupta at #shaastra. this guy: http://t.co/CfbSc97Q
shaastra
ah. this guy is showing why one compromise can bring everything down.
so, he makes a guy click a shortened url which hides a js code that steals cookies. #ok
ok
lol. this guy is phishing some random guy in an ethical hacking lecture! #shaastra
shaastra
wait! this guy is supposed to talk abt ethical hacking. sigh. these things always suck.
why cant these #shaastra ppl provide internet connection for organizers from outside?
shaastra
dumb talk on ethical hacking going on at #shaastra.
shaastra
damn! these idiots cant stop misusing the term 'hack'! #disgusted
disgusted
at iitm now. #shaastra
shaastra
back home! :)
overslept, woke up at koyambedu, caught a bus to t nagar n waitin here now! what a start to the day!
not many ppl in the setc bus that i am travelling in. #thursday
thursday
Off to central bus stand, trichy.
mokkai class. no attendance too. :-(
omg! its gururaj!
decided not to go to shaastra but stay in coll today. few unfinished businesses.
happens to me almost all the time in this slow, dumb internet connection that i have.
they should declare 10 days holidays for colleges during dussehra and navarathri. can eat sundal at home, then.
insects all over the place! so switched to a dark twitter theme.
how many of you know that NIT Trichy has its own Google Technology User Group from today? join right away! groups.google.com/group/nitt-gtug
Zynga profits dive 95%, no new games to blame http://t.co/UvgWKNcv
damn! slept for &amp;gt;4 hours!!
of course the mobile desktop twitter widget is awesome too!
GO launcher is truly awesome! love the cartoon theme on my android!
pettai rap and urvasi urvasi! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;chikku bukku chikku bukku raile!!!&quot; #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;arabikkadalorum&quot; now! :-) #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
lol. they said they'll sing a hindi song, sang one line, went to english n then tamil now! no hindi! lol. bulb! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
wth!! what is he singing?? &quot;papa is happy when the food is on the table&quot; ??? #randomsong #festember
randomsong
festember
got into barn after 1.5 hours of waiting! disgusting! #festember
festember
when leaving for barn?
tried to reverse tether my android. #fail so far.
fail
dozed off for a while...
i dont wear glasses regularly. so changed my profile pic almost everywhere.
what?
not got anything to do with padippu machi.
changed my twitter dp to another old one.
had planned to go watch/attend a few events today morning. ended up in spider labs instead...
1.2 Mbps!!
power back. off to spider labs! :)
will put the source code online of course! :) will blog about in a few hours when I come back from festember...
of course, am a final year student. so noone would depend on me. :D
supposed to help others in arranging events. boring non-tech stuff...
gotta have lunch and leave for festember soon. yawn...
spent all morning w/o breakfast to write a python script to retrieve all 50 odd topcoder algorithm tutorial articles. will blog abt it soon.
at barn hall now with friends. #festember
festember
classes over for the day. yay!
can diaspora make an impact in this world of twitter-google+-facebook?
why no article on how fb copying most of google+? would love to see one.
never underestimate a product.
its so silent that i can hear laughing for jokes in the movie that he's watching...
started on 5 drawings for assignment. :-) would have continued if not for this unscheduled powercut...
time for an haircut? yeah!!
u can set passwords for ur androidAP connection da.
bunking all morning classes today. :P
updating my google+ android app now. :)
horrible timetable for tomorrow. planning to bunk a lot.
problems with setuptools while setting up trac on remote system without internet connection http://t.co/LrjjIu3T
today's div 2 srm was kinda tough. must practise more..
:-)
when nobody is nice to you, there is nothing you can do, but just move on. #thathuvam
thathuvam
what can be worse than bad teachers? bad classmates.
11 points increase. ok. i'll take it. at least it has increased...
hmmm. should have started the 900 point problem earlier. seemed easy. wasted too much time on the 600 point problem. its okay. #topcoder
topcoder
reserve your username at http://gkl.st/2 here is mine http://t.co/JrFB79xL
tc srm 519 in an hour...
hard work pays! yeah!!
they tell me that there is no curd rice after billing me for it! eating lemon rice now. sigh...
learnt something new now. hopefully the first good thing that has happened to me so far, today.
yes!! yes yes yes! understood at last!
ouch. my back aches now.
i wish something good would happen now...
just what i wanted. google search provides results from a few social networks. http://t.co/j4yxzE4D
a bright, wonderful monday morning! looking forward to an exciting week! :)
Damn. My gprs has begun to cost me now. Wth is  happening? Stupid airtel!
had weird dreams. strangely, i think i had similar dreams years ago. good morning tweeps.
opinions change with experience. #thathuvam
thathuvam
'Best apps' is one of the best apps out there on the android market. a must try for android users.
when will i ever learn to not talk to strangers?
facebook is for braggarts. twitter is for chatterboxes. but there is a bit of both inside every one of us.
windows. open?? oh. u dont mean the OS. let me go back to what i was doing...
cant sms. :-( at least can tweet...
rameshwaram exp
piri man da nee. :-)
and rameshwaram exp has started. got my ticket checked now, too.
and that leaves 4 rupees as balance. strangely costing me 1 rupee per sms, now. cant sms any1 too. cha.
oh. lol. thought u saw me.
yep. am wearing a grey t shirt.
wth! my current gprs plan is different from my original gprs plan. so 60 bucks detected from balance now. :-(
in one of those nice coaches with power sockets all over the place. :-)
windows 8?
uninstallation done.
i'm going to say goodbye to this macbuntu theme and return to good ol' ubuntu's 'Ambiance' theme.
y u so scared? @viveksundarm
YEAHHHH!!!!!! my ubuntu is back! triple booting ubuntu 11.04, windows 7 and windows 8 dev preview now. :)
off to the Startup Center for Mobile Monday on a Saturday. #MoMo
MoMo
damn! i cant even use a computer without my glasses! everything seems more blurred w/o them.
what is happening? seeing more icons on my start menu now. #w8dp
w8dp
good morning tweeps. back home safely. :)
lol.
lol. he started the conversation first!
lol. was talking abt android to some random stranger in the town bus to trichy. felt good.
good to see new, clean seat covers on this setc bus. :-)
i want my ubuntu back! missing it already :'( @_iakkom
nice. :-) how abt putting it on wikileaks?
nee verumna paathundu thaan iruppa. @_iakkom
wait. how is that apps are closing now in windows 8 dp, if i press alt+F4? this wasn't working yday.
feeling much better after that deep sleep... :)
one guy is calling wipro, infosys, cts and tcs as the &quot;venerable big four&quot;!!
haha. true. not comfortable on desktops/laptops. i was comparing its start menu with older versions of windows. :-)
must've listened to mankatha theme song &amp;gt;30 times since afternoon. too good. thanks to @_iakkom.
like my mob's new screen guard. :-)
haha! 2 of my batchmates professing their love to each other over facebook!
windows 8 might not be the most comfortable or customizable OS that i have ever seen, but it surely one of the best! damn intuitive!
loving windows 8 developer preview on a fast internet connection. :)
is on a photo walk around the campus with a 5mp camera. :-P
sure! :-)
first tweet from Tweet:)
after 2 hours of chaotic comedy with @viswanathgs, and finally @_iakkom, got windows 8 dev preview workin on my lappy. :-)
HURRAY!! downloaded windows 8 developer preview. was so tensed that the sha1 checksums might not match! they did! yay!!
its at 99% now!! :)
I hereby declare war!! on my laziness!!
been a long time since i felt this pathetic!! :|
if I buy the galaxy tab 750 from your website, how do I avail that vodafone plan?
i really must start solving these 1000 point problems!! not even attempting them... :(
i think i'll go to spider labs now n put windows 8 on download. will be having lunch at vasantham n will come to class from there.
ya. its huge! i dunno whether 3 hours would be sufficient to download it with the internet speed over there...
not yet. it just released a while ago. will do it today. lots of great feedback abt it. tempted to bunk web class today. :-P
lol. smell of books for e-books! :D http://t.co/mq7E7x2
ah. i think i'll replace that third partition in my system containing fedora 15 now, with windows 8 developer preview.
damn. just when i was abt to order an android tablet, they release windows 8. looks very promising, i must say! #build
build
i just love this metro UI!
i was beginnin to wonder why i wanted an android tab. jus remembered that it was because i wanted to optimize wordpress for android tablets!
good morning tweeps. feeling great in the morning after a long time. had a good night's sleep. :-)
for once i am glad that my room is warm..
shipped my gsoc code to google today. yay!
make way for minus! http://t.co/oHavlbe
OUCH! http://t.co/cFPC8eA
whew. just confirmed that today is the soft deadline.
Awesome news abt delicious  http://t.co/Qdr9nv8
i dont want to go to the only theory class of today. boo hoo. #boring
boring
no revolutionary news in tech for the past few days. #boring
boring
there is a huge difference between teasing among friends and slander on a public forum.
it need not even be written by the same person. multiple ppl using hashtags, maybe?
no. u didnt get me. a series of tweets that make up a short story.
readin abt data mining. i dont want all info. just want necessary info tht i need frm this book. i.e.data mine this book on data mining.
how about using twitter as a medium to write/narrate short stories? there would be live feedback as well. @kgdinesh
every raagam/song sounds good if the singer sings it that way.
bouli is awesome. kalpana swarams in it are even more awewome.
me thinks tht me will take a break from swype and use the samsung soft-keyboard in landscape mode instead...
This book on How Children Learn Language by William O'Grady is just awesome!
and advised me not to have too much of this kesari. I should've listened.
ah. I think I would have to use my laptop today.
Ah. I always thought that no1 looked at this perspective for nlp. But found a book. &quot;How children learn language&quot; by william o grady. Nice.
mobile twitter is faster than twitter apps mainly because u don't see profile pics in it.
ah. almost. but not for programming purposes...
topcoder da. was talking about yday's srm.
played games on mobile, listened to the radio. came to library about an hour back. reading a few interesting stuff.
I have challenged myself not to open my laptop today. going good so far.
oh yes. I think I will learn hindi.
ah. ok.
oh. I thought the aim was to spread knowledge. cha.
I don't understand. Why aren't all academic research papers available online for free?
why is it that I wake up so late on Sundays? anyway, good morning tweeps.
i am not even attempting this 1000 point problem.
1000pt problems. Y.YOU.SO.HARD??
3 more hits and my blog will reach 6k hits. :P http://t.co/j2gXjeo
ivar apudiye police u. naanga thirudanaama. i need to 'accept' facts aam. ensuring that justice is served via facebook.
lol at he doubts my credibility.
Onaan inside spider labs. Lol.
where did you buy? how much?
The quickest and most reliable way of accessing twitter on my android is the mobile website.
The English cricket team would love the name of the next version of Android. #jellybean
jellybean
time to begin. #coding
coding
lol. thu.
do indians still watch cricket??
been receiving a lotta visits on my blog for the past few days. naice...
u disgusting ppl. one placed in an electrical company and another a EEE student...
i increase the entropy of the universe by adding unknown but interesting ppl into my &quot;Random&quot; circle on google+.
wait. i've been spending so much time on google+ that i haven't even noticed twitter for a while now...
summa verupethifying. :P
yay!
awesome da!
I can either continue to laze around in my room like this or go to Spider labs and work properly. I choose the latter.
70467 in racing moto! muhahaha! beat that, @_iakkom!
&quot;yethi yethi&quot; on radio now. brings back first year memories...
Heading to trichy with comp sci classmates for treat.
Yay! Installed Paper Camera for free from getjar! It IS as awesome as everyone claim it to be!
i think my twitter page looks better now :) #allwhite
allwhite
listening and singing along to &quot;mazhai varudhu mazhai varudhu&quot; on infinite loop. wingmates feeling...
I better stop snoozing and start rising... Good morning tweeps.
First we called him Jagadeesh. Then Jagi. And then Jag. Now, we don't call him anymore. :P  @Satish_NR
@_iakkom: when u guys leaving?
I love distributed computing but this class is boring...
I wonder how patents are granted to apple for some really silly stuff. Something v fishy...
Restore and Preserve Page State for Windows Phone 7.5 or Mango Phone http://t.co/FRJjEed /via @wordpressdotcom
is at a new low. fresh beginnings ahead... #hope
hope
either i am missing out on something or people are not listening to me...
i am still out here!
i want those qsn papers!
btw, change your username to something else da. please.
have a look. http://t.co/cUq0ksk
have u seen videos of windows phone 7 mango? it seems twitter and facebook have been integrated into it! looks good. :)
how abt creating a distro just for social purposes?
ah. doesn't seem to be tweeting. and that can mean only one thing. HE'S STUDYING!!!
specific cd or all cds? which version of ubuntu?
i got a good internet connection now. yeah!
3g connection! Y.YOU.FAIL.ME?
i think u have given me only one koshtin paper containing 40 koshtins...
hey. yeah, it was. :)
Off to creative writing 'exam' now...
I don't like these horrible tamil film songs that they play in these buses. That too this early in the morning!
some of my friends are scared/irritated that unknown people add them on google+. and they do have twitter acccounts! #hypocrites #fb
hypocrites
fb
mobile computing is pretty interesting...
i asked how ur preparation is, da.
Am at chennai occ now. Looking at some very interesting startup products...
boarded train? How is ur preparation da?
ok.
just realized that vasanth's link was the ebook that u had already given to me. ma'am mentioned some other book right? wt abt that?
12 crore zeros perhaps?
.seems to be studying a lot. no tweets for quite some time now... dei, anyway u r S grade in mobile da.
lol.
Awesome experience at nerd dinner chennai today!
yep. he never attended any class though. placements...
And the second event for the day is nerd dinner chennai. am already here. might start in a short while.
I am NOT going to watch another tamil movie for a looooong time!!
i should start studying for monday's &quot;Mobile Computing&quot; exam, now. but i think i'll try to come up with a windows phone 7 app now...
and the first event for the day is mankaatha! booked tickets yday night...
good morning tweeps. :) have 2 events planned for the day...
http://t.co/eEFDD3X
good night folks. not sleepy but i think i'll play around with my mobile before going to sleep. c ya.
dear apple, go die! http://t.co/ZeN9AnS
lol! bing and google plus. http://t.co/Cbs78Qj
and oh, yeah. epic fail today. thought that 1530 UTC meant 11pm Indian time!
back home... :)
samsung launched some new products today. maybe, postponing my decision to buy the galaxy tab was an awesome decision after all...
refer my prev tweet.
Galaxy Ace - Gingerbread update http://t.co/ZCevKQj
there seems to be only post/site online that has taken notice of the galaxy ace gingerbread update in india! sad...
the world looks much better when u upgrade your android device... have a great morning everyone!
dunno what feels better. gingerbread or triple sixes by dravid...
Yes. :-)
am now running gingerbread on my ace. :)
yay! heard that gingerbread official update is available for galaxy ace in india now!! woot! @_iakkom
with toshiba, amazon and sony entering the market, the consumers stand to gain...
reason being, there aren't too many android tabs out in the market yet. more competition means better products and cheaper price.
argh! dilemma max! i think i will wait for a few months before buying the galaxy tab...
offline gmail is awesome! http://t.co/ROVS4jn
Only few hours remaining to convince me to not buy a galaxy tab 750. flipkart's offer gets over then.
Badminton, table tennis, pool and swimming with bro! Awesome experience!
google+ also supports j,k.
why isn't mangatha trending on twitter?
can never understand why some people do not allow others to dream big. #bro
bro
if i pre-order the Samsung Galaxy Tab 750 now, when will i get it?
not exactly. we've just found inner peace...
ah. that's ok. we know which coll is better... :)
the question is not &quot;will i&quot;, but &quot;when will i&quot;...
romba over! http://t.co/zG4pqSW
must start tracking time.
another reason why working on open source projects are awesome. u get to make good friends like :)
can someone invite me to quora? #quora
quora
tired. even twitter seems boring now...
Got to start studying now...
Anna becomes an icon, Irom Sharmila forgotten - India News - IBNLive http://t.co/UGKvaVD
for sms spam, smsBlocker is pretty good.
thanks! just now saw this tweet. got placed in microsoft about a month back...
apparently there's some random football match going on...
yay! can go study now!
lol. not yet. ;) :P
in fact, i was asked to upload it onto youtube.
and what's wrong with that?
my video for the microsoft student partner program: http://t.co/0FDLoQF :P
sadly, no irc client seems to be as awesome as chatzilla. makes me depend on firefox.
MUST.STOP.SINGING.ALONG! #canthelpit
canthelpit
in love with automata once again! :)
:D :P
dai! anyway, gnome2 still rocks! and echofon sucks because i'd have to use firefox.
and i just reached 2000 tweets with my prev tweet! :P
i salute medical students like who devote their time and lives to the welfare of other people! you rock!!
those students are of course, medical students!!
in midst of all this complaining, i can't help but feel amazed about a group of students. they study and they serve.
i bet some of my classmates are going through prev years kosthin papers now...
nee vera. i'd be studying for placements now, if so!
t2k is nearing... (tweet two thousand)
i wish companies that we got placed in, could just whisk us away from college right now and take us to their offices...
random songs on infinite loop...
i guess i must stop complaining and resume studying...
most of them might be studying even now. :(
it is ok with me to study, after getting placed. but i'd want to study something new. not old stuff!!
why isn't 'cycle test' trending on twitter? :|
have felt the same, over all these years... :|
can't believe that i have to study stuff that were taught 1.5 years ago! unfair! #automata
automata
of course, if i am really purchasing, it'd be only around december or later...
galaxy tabs 730 and 750, motorola xoom come with honeycomb. rumors abt toshiba coming up with a tab as well.
i did. confused over what to buy next. will give this ace to my dad if i go for nexus prime.
in fact, getting my first android, is indirectly the reason why i'm going for something next. #gsoc
gsoc
i might not buy at all too. kinda confused. might be receiving a windows phone 7 next year, to add to the confusion.
:P would be my response. #nocomments
nocomments
galaxy tab or nexus prime?? #confused
confused
huh?
RT twitter needs to make tagging not eat up the word count.
wow! the windows phone 7 emulator looks stunning. much better than the android one...
not if we dunno the answers while giving the exam...
Companies are like political parties. They can become a liability any time. Better not to talk about them at all.
on twitter? there's an @ Mentions tab below the &quot;What's happening?&quot; textbox. you can view tweets mentioning you, over there.
#ThankYouSteveJobsFor making everyone realize that every little detail on a product deserved the attention of a CEO. http://t.co/RJ7NlMb
ThankYouSteveJobsFor
realized that i've all along seen only from google's perspective. nice one. http://t.co/LL1rOSu #applevsgoogle
applevsgoogle
is now a gsocer... :)
just saw the news. awesome da! congrats! :)
awesome!!
fb - acquaintances
deadlock
today is friday. which means unlimited payasam in mess. Slurrppp!
awesome weather here at trichy!
good morning tweeps! :)
that worked! forgot to inform earlier...
that feeling u get when u realize u might have been wrong all along...
NVIDIA and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet + Tegra Zone power pack http://t.co/NY3qAtt Begin living life!
cycle tests coming up. will lower my twitter usage for the next few weeks.
check this. http://t.co/h9jXvD3
when I +1 something, do I say plus oned or plussed one?
am not gonna retweet funny/interesting tweets that might make me lose credibility. gonna +1 them instead.
&quot;Students, take your mobile out n check your IMEI number. Go on, do it.&quot; - prof in mobile computing class
just what i wanted! http://t.co/i8RmWRL @_iakkom
big news that was made while I was sleeping: Steve Jobs Resigns. hmmm... dunno how to react.
good morning tweeps! classes from 8.30 to 4 today...
didn't u just have dinner?
prof who teaches compilers keeps referring to automata all the time. and i don't remember most of it.
is planning to read automata all over again...
where art thou?
ah. yes. point taken.
i meant that this is comfortable too. so, no reason to not expect people to use it.
viewing conversations, images and videos are v comfy in the web...
got to add new photos to twitter asap!
just saw the time! gotta rush to class. dear followers, u have been saved, if u have not been bored to death already!
Who is suing who? http://t.co/RAZmfJu
Gold: Did You Know You Could Rip Apart Your Computer and Melt the Circuit Boards for Gold? - http://t.co/b9MqRZK
TIL that djvu is supposed to be pronounced as dejavu. makes more sense now...
ppl ought to realize that the 'good' guys are the bad guys and the 'bad' guys are the good guys. #random
random
if apple acquires twitter, i think i'll stop using it, as a sign of protest.
it seems i have tweeted &amp;gt;1000 tweets through the web interface. atleast one milestone reached before class, today...
ah. according to tweetstats, i tweeted more this month, than last month. and there's still a week left...
i admit defeat. i can't type too many tweets in a short span of time. i'd end up spamming people too.
and more importantly, most open source organizations have really nice ppl with whom you can interact with. #opensource
opensource
just realized that which organization you work for, doesn't matter much. whom you work with, does.
thanks! :)
i would really like if more of my friends use google+ regularly.
Hamirkalyani is an awesome raaga. #carnatic #music
carnatic
music
Android (Finally) Taking Steps Towards WebKit And&#160;Chromium via http://t.co/O7Ajxb5
and yeah. must begin studying for my cycle tests too. they start next week. secretly hope that they get postponed...
hmmm. i might have to do a video or a screencast of my gsoc project sometime soon. sounds good. will do it.
just noticed that my klout score seems to be rising quite steeply, of late...
84 tweets in 42 min?? that's 2 tweets per min. don't think i'd be able to reach 2000 tweets before morning class today...
thought that there will be a powercut at 8. nope. there isn't. yay!
Dhoni's preference: &quot;Veil, of course.&quot;
that completes one hour of trying to stay awake but dozing off. MUST.WAKE.UP!
i'd rather watch india's batting collapse, rather than see sachin score his 100th hundred in a losing cause in this shameful series.
open the innings. hit about half of the team's total. watch your mates get out. carry the bat. follow-on enforced. open the next innings.
can we see a 300+ score on the board now? plz plz.
dravid on 99...
&quot;Dravid might stay unbeaten this innings and have to come out again as an opener when India follow-on. That will require some real effort!&quot;
and gokulashtami poojai is on...
back to the old market.
microsoft does. :P
there's an app called smsBlocker on the android market that does that.
lol. hitler and hp. http://t.co/ivRSEY2
wow! just what I wanted! http://t.co/2QL7pZ4
what is that code in the background?
and why exactly am I not able to follow new people now?
and yeah, good morning folks. awesome weather at chennai...
twitter DOES need to roll out new features. improve lists, give some new designs, improve your people search, DO SOMETHING!!
Dash dot and more - Saar! Auto?: http://t.co/BRS5x9h
should write a twitter bot to find out which accounts are twitter bots.
lol. where do u search? twitter?
don't think so. they r emotionally drained after the world cup, kirsten's departure &amp; ipl. he would have taken care of tat.
really awesome! Clicking on hashtags seems to crash the app, though.
feels good to see some tweets abt myself. :P will retweet them now.
felt good to give a lightning talk at the #GTUGChn kickoff event today. :) #fb
GTUGChn
fb
that was an interesting video session with Shashank from Google. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
intro time. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
that is exactly what a service is!
and #GTUGChn kickoff has started. is delivering the keynote.
GTUGChn
why isn't any1 else tweeting about the gtug chennai kickoff event? #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
its actually &amp;gt; 150 million android activations now. :) #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
they're now playing that &quot;100 million Android activations&quot; video at #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
lol.
announcement by @ImKarthikK: #GTUGChn kickoff will start in 10 min. waiting for other enthusiasts.
GTUGChn
the first gtug chennai event is gonna start now... #GTUGChn #kickoff #fb
GTUGChn
kickoff
fb
New version of tweetdark free is much more awesome now!
Am at #GTUGChn now. With my parents. :P
GTUGChn
is it possible to get tickets for 2 people at the event? I have one and I'd be accompanying them.
any windows mobile/phone developers in India? whom can I connect with?
fake news: facebook buys palm. all social networks abuzz with 'facepalm' moments. @fakingnews
google+ completes me.
just woke up now n got to know about HP's future plans. BIG news.
good morning tweeps! have a wonderful day! :)
Conversation with Torvalds. http://t.co/GRySuUY
yikes! already 7 am! i can't stop reading these tech blogs.
not in the mood to go running now. will rather sit in room and code...
let us wait for it to dawn. we can at least see how wet the grounds are, behind our hostel. that'll give us some idea.
dunno. the ground might be wet. what shall we do?
good morning tweeps. :)
Long day...
Science: Five Little-Known Inventions From Deceased Robot Maker George C. Devol - http://t.co/4FPoXTj
haha http://t.co/uw3MDN8
even startup founders give lectures at UC Berkeley. so, my point is, becoming a prof is over-rated. i feel its not worth it.
twitter could do with a +1 button. i wouldn't want to favorite or retweet all interesting tweets.
and is awake now. can go jogging... :)
Kernel modules must have at least two functions: a &quot;start&quot; function called init_module() and an &quot;end&quot; function called cleanup_module()
ping me when u wake up. we'll go jogging.
oh, yeah. good morning tweeps. :)
Simply awesome - and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet http://t.co/Spdr4lQ. I hope I get one.
Will Google Lure Microsoft Into The Cellphone Briar&#160;Patch? via http://t.co/Qsm4feu
&#8220;Defending&#160;Android&#8221; via http://t.co/sqemUm1
something great is gonna happen today. i can sense it.
Apple&#8217;s Evidence In European Galaxy Tab Injunction Was Seriously Misleading&#8230; As In&#160;False via http://t.co/ebuFmyP
which one?
he got placed there? or is he our campus representative? @_iakkom
what is this about u and directi that i hear? @_iakkom
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE GOOGLE-MOTOROLA DEAL: Google Had To Do It--And It Could End Up Being A Disaster http://t.co/2UP6cXV
today's google doodle suddenly seems to look more like the motorola logo now...
maybe microsoft will acquire nokia now.
awesome news for google and android fans: google acquires motorola!
gonna make dosas of all varieties now... :)
eight tweets make a twyte.
what u upto, today?
good morning tweeps! :)
dad sure needs some rest now after driving for so long. as usual, i slept off during the boring parts of the journey. so, feeling fresh! :P
gosh! that trip to surutupalli was long, hot and tiring but it was fun and exciting at the same time too!
back home at last!
Off to surutapalli now.
finished gayatri japam now. :)
its my dad's bday today! happy birthday @simulation!
lol. what happened to gayatri japam? when u doing it?
its ok da. good morning! :)
i am NOT supposed to feel sleepy now after sleeping for such a long time today afternoon!! but i AM feeling sleepy...
u awake?
its goosebumps da
games on google+ are awesome!
time to rebel.
dang! slept for 4 hours again, in the morning!
happy aavani aavittam folks! just got back home after poonal changing ceremony... :)
why do i feel tired already? i must have slept for at least 3-4 hours today morning...
lol. even has a klout score of only 84.
disgusting sehwag.
u sure? i doubt it.
i just love typing nonsense on twitter!
klout is not a game, my friend.
hope to work on something related to twitter sometime soon...
dei dei. too much da! :P no football too, plz. :D
can everyone stop talking about cricket for a while? it hurts.
is any1 else having problems on facebook?
&quot;Your account is currently unavailable due to a site issue. We expect this to be resolved shortly. Please try again in a few minutes.&quot; - fb
is on a retweeting spree. if someone is following me on mobile, i'd suggest them to stop it for the next few days... :P #twitter #athome
twitter
athome
when will samsung galaxy tab 750 (10.1) be available on flipkart?
finally! the group has been created. welcome, fellow admin.
good morning tweeps! :)
got 20 min left to pack my stuff and here I am, before my comp, tweeting...
going to dosa mela at sangeetha's for dinner tonight. and then leaving for chennai. dear home, here I come!
whew! that was one hectic week at coll! glad that it has finally come to an end... almost.
windows mobile is over. i think u might be referring to windows phone...
good morning tweeps. another day nearly full of classes, coming up...
Evicted from my room by insects!! Gaah!
classes seem to be going fast. wouldn't say that about evening life...
fingers and arms screaming in pain! played mirudangam after months! feeling good. :)
The Hindu : Columns / Nirmal Shekar : Dravid deserves greater respect: http://t.co/akWrDII via @AddThis
Its important to keep ur ideas under wraps until u implement them.
this is the third continuous day that I am having a nearly-full day at college!! #eksi
eksi
planning to listen to classes from today... :)
oh. cool. asked because I got placed at Microsoft. was v curious n didn't know whom to ask. thanks anyway! :)
just wanted to clarify. Microsoft employees have the freedom to use non-Microsoft products like GNU/Linux as their OS, right?
already 11 am! gotta wash clothes b4 continuing work on #gsoc project... :(
gsoc
good morning tweeps! gotta get working. #gsoc
gsoc
wait. was the accident at sometime around 5pm in ecr road?
shit!! one of my closest childhood friends passed away today evening in a car accident!! shocked to get the news!!! :( :'(
Tired...
hi. i got to knw abt u in that html5.in conf last year at chennai where u talked abt css3. a doubt. do u work at microsoft hyd?
enjaai!
i hope that they don't chuck me out because i refuse to use the OS that they make... what am i supposed to do?
nope. forever GNU/Linux. more of an ubuntu fan actually...
damn! i never thought my twitter handle that way. i don't use windows... :P
what is windows xp?? (looks around to see if any1 else knows...)
Yawn! Good morning tweeps!
jus realized now. even the matrix had agent smith. #justsaying
justsaying
feeling depressed/angry/irritated/tired/sad?? listen to some music!
Awake at last... #goodmorning
goodmorning
feel sorry for mozilla! :( http://t.co/iOGbS46
bot from ur id to tweet greetings at regular intervals to specific people so that they don't feel that u r ignoring them. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
different forms of tweets that appear personalized to specific users. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
i believe and will have more #ideasfortwitter too.
ideasfortwitter
an AI program that tries to determine what ur mood is, from ur latest few tweets. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
a programming contest site that takes tweets as input programs for judging. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
let me a create a new hashtag on twitter and see how far it goes. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
my reaction wasn't for ur mokka. it was for getting placed in THAT company!
paappom paappom. either i won't be in THAT company or THAT company would have become the biggest champion of open source cos of me
angry that i'm being associated with something dumb. :P THEY WILL NEVER BUY MY VIEWS!! NEVER EVER!! NOOO....
my dad is live on radio at http://t.co/TNHUQix on aboorva raagangal part 2. 90.1 FM.
Fedora 7?? U must be kidding me!
congrats @_iakkom!! awesome job!
life's good when u have download speeds greater than 1.2Mbps.
wow! congrats guys! all the best for ur next round! u guys will surely get it!
ok. cool. i'll be going at 10.30. will come to room before that anyway. let me know if u change ur mind.
thanks da. my phone ran out of charge. i called her a few min back after putting it on charge. thanks anyway. :)
oh. cool. good luck with second round. :) btw, sp2hari is in garnet tonight and is leaving only tomo. coming at 10.30 to meet him?
back in room? what's ur interview status?
that's strange. i remember not being able to do an svn checkout from college...
interviews going on? good luck buddy. :) can u msg me when u r free? want to ask u something.
and the best gift on my star bday so far! commit access to the official wordpress android app! yay!! sign that i have finally grown up!
had an awesome dinner with the legendary @sp2hari!! planning to meet him again in a few hours. he is simply superb! learnt a lot from him.
Awesome star bday so far!!
Going to be the toughest exam of my life...
its disappointing days like these when I feel that I should stop watching/following cricket...
I believe that they came out with such an algo just for fun...
yep. :)
searching on google news for &quot;govind tiwari&quot; will give u a better picture...
he's a random guy who's infamous for creating the worst-looking blog one could ever create...
feels good to view a bit of nature whenever I look up away from my laptop. http://yfrog.com/h0tu9wgj
RT now just gonna wait for #basha to trend on twitter :)
basha
thanks to for gifting me these awesome headphones...
feels that headphones around one's neck look cooler than over one's head...
no. observed that i'm putting on weight. would love to start running long distances...
Integrating is tougher than developing stand alone parts of a program.
Must start running.
According to tweetstats, is the second highest person whom I have replied to, via twitter. The first is his old twitter handle...
Creativity is the father of Invention.
my situation is worse... :( couldn't go even though I had a ticket...
&quot;Lie! Run! Hide!&quot; Ya. Ok, right.
exactly.
There'll be a day when companies expect candidates to write program solutions in less than 140 characters...
lol. I wanted to say that first. But changed my mind later. :P Btw, did u just say 'apt'? I expected 'yum' from u...
someone with a rhyming nickname. where the nickname's first 3 letters are &quot;kay&quot;... ;) :P
I hereby christen my room as &quot;Anirudh's Laboratory&quot;.
did they just buy me and my views? no. they didn't. i still stand by what I've said...
Ayo kadavule! Some student next to me putting scene after first round. Irritating!!
vaazhkaikke machan...
Moral of the story: being good feels good.
When will I ever see a linux system being projected on the screen for these kind of presentations?
The organizing fellows from my coll r here. They're checking d sound system with some random music that sounds like a harmonica...
When was the last time that I arrived first at some place? This feels good...
No. I am not taking part in non-technical activities anymore...
what a lousy performance! :( #tc #srm
tc
srm
at ilab with @gklsndr...
awake at last...
That was another boring class. Relieved that I need not attend anymore for the day...
Sadly, I am so pazham that i'm scared to bunk classes...
WHAT.A.BORING.CLASS!!
TIL that Eric Schmidt was the co-author of LEX!
wow! awesome article da! thanks for sharing.
thank u! :)
thanks da. :)
didn't like it. expected more...
Disappointed with deivathirumagal...
Deivathirumagal with family now.
i think its karaharapriya da...
awesome bday gift! thanks!! :)
Had an awesome evening at bessie with parents!
ipl DOES improve cricket relations b/w countries. couldn't have expected pk n kp congratulate each other at the end of yday, if not for ipl.
now listening to Neevanti Daivamu Shadanana - Bhairavi raagam by Malladi Bros...
just realized that my typing speed has improved considerably over the past few weeks. touch typing finally seems to have paid off.
want inspiration? here it is... (in case u already haven't read it) :P http://t.co/kRKrCo1
oh. just realized that i have classes from 10.30 today. read it as 1.30 yday...
good morning tweeps. hope to have a better day today.
Shocked to know that google labs will be shut down!
That completes 2 boring classes for the day. Hope the next one is better...
Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me. #launch http://t.co/NlcH2PR via @vizualizeme
launch
only google can have white backgrounds, is it? i'll have a white background for my twitter profile too! (...pukes in the background later)
gnome3 is the worst thing that ever happened to fedora...
hmmm... how is twitter working properly on chromium - fedora 15 now?
i knew what today's google doodle was about, before clicking on it! that's because i was a bio student in 11th and 12th... :)
lol... http://t.co/lw3qzWg
@ home away from home... #spiderlab
spiderlab
Dear professor, if u r gonna teach us how to use the web, y dont u teach us how to brush our teeth, how to eat, etc as well?
I keep half-expecting the sites I write on my notebook, to automatically get converted into hyperlinks. @kgdinesh
yeah. official gingerbread update has been released! is it available in india? will have to check now...
so, now i am supposed to update my video card drivers and reinstall the adt plugin?? surely, this is a joke, right?
damn! i shouldn't have update my adt plugin...
enough of studying for the day...
where art thou?
back in college machis!
Nice. This compartment actually has got 2 plug sockets for every 8 seats, for charging laptops and mobile phones. and they actually work!
back home after shopping for clothes for bday. :)
god! still so sleepy...
lazy sunday afternoon...
:D just kidding
wait. I am an executive member of Amruthavarshini right? does it mean this? http://t.co/fX5PIoL
u should maybe try the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Load from snapshot&quot; options...
yay! android app is free from ads from the latest version! way to go!
last day of summer hols 2011. what do i do today? hmmm...
Tendulkar seems to have a long list of people who have got him out as their first wicket.
wow! thanks!
2 out of 3 electives? i think i'll drop kunwar....
hai! jolly! can timepass in daaktar's class...
hotot new UI doesn't appeal to me
experiencing awesome download speeds today!
is awake once again...
why am i suddenly having a download speed &amp;gt; 2Mbps ?? how come?
or break jagi's phone. u'll feel better. @ashwinjagadeesh
time to step on the gas pedal!
just realized that my phone's earphones are more comfy and provide a better effect than the normal earphones i lost a few days back...
am all the more motivated to work now! keep the cash flowing, guys... :P
passed midterms. :) congratulations to all other gsoc students who passed!
got a congratulatory mail now! thanks. :)
hey. sorry to bother you. just want to confirm. all procedures for midterm phase have been done from both our sides, right?
almost there...
font size? :P
at least commentary on cricinfo?
needs a chrome addon to convert all those hindi statements typed in english on facebook, to actual english statements. #cantunderstandathing
cantunderstandathing
i see many ppl use that da. was reminded by @ashwinjagadeesh's statement...
y do some ppl type &quot;come on&quot; as &quot;common&quot; ?? doesn't it mean something else?
gnome3 is worse than unity. u dont make me happy when i'm not able to customize u... :(
Nice post about Sammy. http://t.co/DBDI10B
thank u! thank u!
Iphone? Nope. My android. #customizability http://yfrog.com/klkitp
customizability
past 14 hours = 3 hours of sleep + 11 hours of coding!! whew!!
machi...  nee gethu da!
can't restrain myself from saying &quot;MUHAHAHA&quot; after writing some really nice code...
If I had been a twitter addict, I would've tweeted abt the minor road accident I witnessed outside my window jus now. But I'm not, u see...
first, i made my ubuntu look like a mac. now, my android looks like an iphone! :D #customizability
customizability
not yet. will try soon.
Reached home. Yay!
ya. Realized that. Wish the bar was thinner. The whole thing looks awesome anyway!
good luck! :D
Hope someone comes out with a lighter theme too, of tweetdeck...
Could do without that white bar between tweets though. #tweetdark
tweetdark
Wow! Tweetdark is awesome! Exactly what I wanted.
nice dp :-)
yep :-)
thanks. :)
Strange. Not getting sms for twitter replies...
we're on our way...
reached home?
market link for the app? Can't find it through mobile.
wru guys?
I think i'll have brunch today.
wru guys now?
Chanderpaul century! #whattaman
whattaman
who holds what positions in amruthavarshini for this year?
so what's the news from coll? what do we take with us?
do i integrate twitter with google+? nah, i don't think so. at least not yet.
working during weekends gives a nice feeling... :)
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! &amp;lt;pause&amp;gt; noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!
:D :P
oops! meant &quot;3rd year hols&quot; in my prev tweet...
wait. even if i return home in a few days, is today the last day of my 3rd sem hols?
thanks to my mentor's dvorak keyboard, i had an awesome voice chat with him today! :P
night out dhaan today! never have been so excited about my project, now that i've completely understood everything that is reqd!
just realized the power of discussing things thru skype over discussing the same thing thru irc channels!
don't think so...
i forgot. i got some amruthavarshini post right? :P what was it?
for those who use w3schools: http://t.co/WnerSoI
as usual. cheapness. http://t.co/KVcHEmW
in fact, its my backup mentor whom i'm interacting with, for the past few days. he has lived a few months in india! :D he knows. :)
both my mentors r v cool. they don't mind all this. but i feel ashamed to tell them how pathetic our country is....
lol. not him da...
ashamed to tell my mentor that i couldn't come online because of the power cut here in TN! WHERE IS MY CONTINUOUS POWER SUPPLY, CM??
yay! power back at last.... can now get back to work!
Worst day of hols ever! Think its a 9-5 power cut! all work stalled...
bleddy mosquitoes, y u stab me?
Androinica &#187; Android Market website ratings: a week of rants, reviews, and reality checks: http://t.co/Oq6aXK6 via @AddThis
elders say that only studies soru podum. i am hungry right now. what am i supposed to study?
omg! is truly awesome!! u might love it too!
3 maidens in a row! http://t.co/HsgpERL
u don't need to have a comp. how abt a mobile app? would be great to receive more of ur tweets...
AAAAAND... &amp;chbh=a does the trick! thanks to my mentor for pointing out how stats are implemented in the ios app! :)
and the new honda city arrived today! congrats @simulation!!
i want to make rage comics on some of my coll mates...
its not even 12 hours since i woke up but the day seems long... must be because i am working...
what is Kieswetter doing?? allow Cook to score a century!!
come on cook! get that century!!
cook seems to be playing his best odi innings ever!!
so, facebook decides to ask users to download an exe file for video chat?? that doesn't work even under wine for me... facebook is fail.
How to Sell Like Steve Jobs http://t.co/9Bcs9q5 via @copyblogger
sure! leaving to coll on sunday.
cool. thanks! :)
considering free anti-virus s/w for mom's netbook. ur suggestion? is avast still good?
love the background music too! http://t.co/U0cFiNf
have always loved these wafers...
yep. most of my work would finish by next week anyway...
cleaning up my inbox. setting up new filters b4 i leave to college...
some ppl don't use the reply button in twitter. wonder why...
am back on twitter!
rain!!
suddenly, life seems good...
taking up the job of fixing the algorithmist website and updating stuff, as my responsibility. does any1 want to join?
Facebook to launch its own country to take on Google Plus: http://t.co/IK5oKtB
Twitter Is Obscenely Profitable http://t.co/TphfLb5
ada paavingala! chennai not available as an option yet... cha.
wait. was the &quot;Add my location&quot; option available earlier for chennai tweeters? nice...
awesome! http://t.co/ofaUAYT
IBM develops 'instantaneous' memory, 100x faster than flash http://t.co/pamLr0v via @engadget
lol http://t.co/vJaVu0W
some prob with my android virtual devices. they crashed &amp; had to be force closed. seems a few of them were running in the bground...
omg! i just now realized why my lappy was heating up like a furnace...
my thought process, instead of &quot;oh! map is a hash! oh! dictionary is a hash too!&quot;, is &quot;oh! map is a dictionary!&quot;. i learnt python b4 c++ stl
what happened?
if u post that u'd need just one mark to pass, a sadist teacher would 'like' it, while a nice teacher would +1 it. #googleplusvsfb #mokka
googleplusvsfb
mokka
oh. i don't think the it'll get released officially before aug 30. that's when my project officially ends.
dei! the wordpress app has been in the market for a loooong time. i am working on it to 'improve' it...
Manmohan Singh laughs out loud at Ranbir Kapoor&#8217;s DoCoMo joke: http://t.co/yoUBap8
wait. Google! U r supposed to inform me when I get access to Google+!! Not wait for me to find out on my own...
I still can't figure out where my code exceeds the time limit!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh....... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!! TLE!
i'd dump facebook for google plus any day! now, if only someone would send me an invite...
gave off 2 of my shirts which i had outgrown, to my maid servant for her son. been quite some time since i last did that. feels good. :)
when u feel bad for having committed a mistake but dunno whom to apologize to, append #sorryshaktiman to ur tweet... :P
sorryshaktiman
omg! a c++ program has been waiting for input in my terminal, since morning. noticed only now. #sorryshaktiman
sorryshaktiman
I think it is during the evening only. Anyway, not adyar. Mandaveli today.
grand sweets dhonnai! \m/
must be due to that coldact that i refused to take but was finally forced to...
waking up after nearly 14 hours of sleep...
century only now. :( but better late than never...
darn headache!!
If life provided me an auto-complete option, i'll tab my way through final year of college...
oh. hostel fees by 20th july is it? I was worried that it might be 20th june or something like that...
I have no idea about date. I remember seeing some notice in hostel about payment of fees. What was that about?
when should we pay college fees? Is the date over or something? I remember seeing some notice...
ppl start thinking only when they shed their ego...
whatay sleep that was!
what's worse than lazy noobs? conceited lazy noobs!!
TIL what the DRY priniciple is...
hai! nice new youtube... :)
write code - check. write report - check. commit code - not authorized to commit!! u kidding me??
report submitted! can go to sleep peacefully now... :)
just realized something. u'd have to enable the snapshot feature while creating the avd...
hic... i must somehow stop these hiccups. hic...
linux
oh. i use only froyo... never knew abt gingerbread...
best to use the avd manager as u r doing. when u create one, and click &quot;Start...&quot;, u'lll see the options. saw in some blog.
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
googling about this problem would help u better...
have u heard abt sukumar prasad? he used to play carnatic music on guitar. no news of him for years. trying to find him...
it'll take time to close too. the next time when u launch the avd, remove the save to snapshot option as it is set the 1st time
it is usually slow the first time. b4 starting the avd, set the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Launch from snapshot&quot; in avd manager
...and i hate eclipse too...
i HATE my AVD's...
there is more to this code than that meets the eye...
had a gut feeling that it will rain today. so it does! awesome!
argh! everything is so complicated!! life is full of dilemmas...
a mistake that i keep repeating is that i give preference to clean, reusable code even when time is running out.
lol. mishra seems to be the highest scorer after dravid in this innings. well played.
dravid top-edges bishoo to give mid-on a simple catch. that's the end of a v fine century and the indian innings...
dravid six!! u don't see that v often...
nice innings from mishra. sharma on strike now.
ouch! sammy tempts mishra with a loose delivery outside off. mishra simply cuts it, only for third man to collect the catch easily.
Facebook Connect Updated | Codechef: http://blog.codechef.com/2011/06/23/facebook-connect-updated/
and just when i was thinking that rampaul wasn't leaking runs, mishra hits him for 2 consecutive audacious fours!
50 run partnership between dravid and mishra now!
i just love ravi rampaul's bowling! makes the batsman earn every run...
yay!! dravid century!! awkward shot but still an awesome innings...
dravid nudges the last ball of the over to third-man to take a single. moves on to 99.
with a leg glance to mid-on, dravid takes a single to move on to 98 now...
dravid on 97 now...
why would i want to sleep during the night when an india test series gives me company?
wow!!
even my parents find the weather here in Chennai to be horrible. and by that, I mean that I am not fussing.
ah. it is v cool and pleasant in Chennai during night time... WITH THOSE AC's SWITCHED ON, OF COURSE!!!
oops! was referring to a wrong file now. names of files should differ by more than just one character...
i feel that dark themes appeal more to me than the light ones...
after a few weeks, i think i can say that fedora 15 with gnome 3 is worse than ubuntu 11.04 with unity...
that was one long nap! don't even remember at what time I dozed off b4 the comp...
what is the quickest way to invoke nautilus? i think Alt+F2-&amp;gt;.-&amp;gt;Enter
one koshtin. was symbian really bad?
feeling really comfortable about twitter only now . cos of twidge...
I am using twidge to tweet about it! lol. https://github.com/jgoerzen/twidge/wiki nice.
system slows down drastically while running firefox 5 on ubuntu...
no auto-complete in firefox 5 too! disappointed...
netbooks are just perfect! but mom doesn't allow me to install ubuntu in hers... :P
then go for a netbook! simple. :P
lol. according to me, laptops can't be replaced b4 2020.
ah! voice! the form of input i dislike the most. i'd look like a chatterbox while tweeting, won't be able to do personal stuff, etc
its difficult to hold tablets and type at full speed at the same time... it might not be as convenient as laptops.
i wouldn't want to use a desktop while sitting on the bed, sofa or anywhere outdoors. that's why laptops originated, right?
so, if tablets are going to be docked and worked with, using a manual keyboard, i'll still call it a laptop.
nothing beats the convenience of a manual keyboard and a screen which u don't have to hold, for long usage.
i thought u meant bigger size for convenient usage...
what is the difference between an oversized mobile phone that shrinks and a normal mobile phone?
what?? u say there'll be oversized mobile phones and they'll shrink. we already have them!
will an oversized mobile phone even fit in our pockets?/
by 2020?
lol. I am already on it for a long time. In fact, even my parents use dropbox...
why suddenly now? isn't Dropbox old and famous?
can i know how u built it? there isn't any for chrome yet.
usb consumes less power. power consumption for phone 2g&amp;lt;3g&amp;lt;wifi&amp;lt;wifi hotspot, i think.
sad fact is, it doesn't matter much, even if i do get hit by a bus... :P
stupid me. i have all along connected my android phone to comp thru usb to use the internet. just realized the portable hotspot feature now.
wow! just now realized that the spoj rank tracker on firefox was done by you!
TIL I learnt what Bus Factor is...
going through my project history on its blog now...
Kasab offers to share the menu card for long term jail inmates, with kanimozhi... #fakenews
fakenews
Awesome 3g speeds all of a sudden!
most of ur followers seem to be bots or unknown ppl, y r u even tweeting?? aale illaadhe kadaikku tea aatharaiya? :P
my bro is still a twitter noob. i think i'll troll him... :P
celebrating special days like father's day isn't about showing ur love on that day. it is to remind how u have to be always...
every day when I wake up, I search online news for the official release of gingerbread for my samsung galaxy ace...
which phone?
the ind vs eng test series promises to be awesome!
ian bell has always been underrated... awesome series for him!
rm -rf /* ?
my bro's on twitter finally. he registered long back but never tweeted. irony is, his name is his twitter handle: @adithya
AOL Hell: An AOL Content Slave Speaks Out &#171; News http://t.co/MxlXJcE via @thefastertimes
good morning tweeps! that was one hectic week. hoping to have a nice weekend...
i sure have earned my weekend this time!!
very difficult to code when mood out...
its split into 500, 2250 and 2250. 500 now.
yikes! seems citi accounts are being hacked and some gsoc students have lost their money! thankfully, i still have mine! headin to atm now!!
http://yfrog.com/kjf8pkj windows... the real world is beyond.
I think i'll try my hands on photography soon...
my first purchase on flipkart...
which version? what's the problem?
Like the tweetdeck post widget on my home screen...
yeah. fb groups r awesome. I meant that fb apps hv a huge impact. not huge hit.
I get silly stuff on my news feed from some of them. need to go block them. they think everyone is so eager to knw wt they're upto
buzz includes gmail contacts. fb provides apps. and tht is a HUGE thing. but on fb, wtvr I post goes to ALL my friends n relatives
interesting stuff like videos and links. I want to find old friends n mantain contact. Not follow whatever they're upto.
Posting what u r upto right now,on fb feels like bragging,to me. I wud've followed u on twitter,if I hd been remotely interested in all tat
Why does tweetdeck show user details only in portrait view?
personally would like chrome browser to replace the android default browser on phones
i feel that the biggest competitor to chrome os or chrome browser on phones will be google itself, through android
I dunno which looks better: ubuntu 11.04 with macbuntu theme, fedora 15 with gnome 3, windows 7 or the chromium os i'm using right now...
nope
why don't u have a proper twitter dp yet?
don't ever to do a &quot;note to self&quot; on twitter. do a instead.
upgraded chrome to 12.0.742.100. hopefully i can play flash videos better now.
i have ALWAYS felt that chrome is better than firefox. i meant that shifting to firefox from chrome is almost impossible for me.
i will think of permanently switching over to firefox only if the address bar autocompletes what i'm typing.
lol. now it seems unfair, is it? http://t.co/SdiJnS3
no da. i really meant it. heading over to stackoverflow.com...
post ur queries at http://t.co/yyIRXXV :P
On a more serious note, I better get back to work.
Come on twitter! Give me more useless information for me waste time on.
feel like puking at windows start menu search. not working for months and no easy solution to it.
my twitter password has been changed to ******** (its hashed. so my original password might not have the same number of letters.) :P
yep. http://t.co/Q2Zndei
lol. what happened after that?
really wish that the next version of firefox autocompleted my url just like chrome...
why didn't headlines today do an extensive coverage about the issue before he died? plz take it up atleast now.
just a few more seconds for kate to get installed on windows...
what's their reason?
does searching on wikipedia help?
framework in what sense?
expected more from safari. not up to the mark...
this worked. http://t.co/kzhXIw0 just modified the solution in the first reply and it worked without a hitch.
recovered my Windows 7 at last, after a partial night-out!! Yay!! Triple booting Ubuntu 11.04, Fedora 15 and Windows 7 now!
Congrats!!
those guys are straining themselves to dig the road. they just don't realize that pouring something equivalent to rainwater will do the job.
http://yfrog.com/kf1lkaj suspicious looking men digging up the road in the middle of the night, outside my home. traffic sign put up though
i know it has awesome specs but not an absolute must for coll goers like us. there'll be somethin btr when we start working.
of course, i meant that galaxy ace is awesome enough for me in my previous tweet...
galaxy s2 seems worth it only if u have a deep pocket. it is almost double the price of my galaxy ace which is awesome enough for me.
thanks anyway. i have been without windows for quite a few months. would be prefer a completely risk-free approach to recover.
yes. but no official upgrades for it in india yet. http://t.co/6Kz3VEy
have kinda heard abt it. of course, i replaced fedora's grub to ubuntu's grub2.
u got an iphone or are u in a showroom? how is the native twitter app?
i have no idea! :P i never spent time understanding what all that meant. just wanted to have the latest distro! :P
Why I love and hate having a smartphone - The Oatmeal http://t.co/cJNlrTW via @Oatmeal
lol. &quot;might&quot;? that makes me a bit scared to try...
Help required. How do I recover Windows 7 after Ubuntu and Fedora install? Exact problem here: http://t.co/uDyU6TF
go outside and close the door. :P :D
is this the end of scheduled powercuts?
i have started loving my project much much more, all of a sudden!! dunno why exactly though...
i rarely use torrents...
Setting up Kate snippets http://wp.me/pP4hy-2B
i think it means playing only for pride. there is not much else to win, once the series is lost.
am all set for a heavy nap this afternoon. slept late, woke up early. perfect.
awesome profile pic!
have u tried freecharge.in? i think its good. works fine for me everytime.
searching for &quot;macbuntu 11.04&quot; on google shows my blog as the 3rd option and searching for &quot;macbuntu on ubuntu 11.04&quot; shows it as the first!
I'm at Anna Centenary Library (Kotturpuram, Chennai) http://4sq.com/ljWKEL
exactly!
? so?
where old woodlands drive-in was. near gemini flyover. parents say it is near stella maries coll.
yep
Semmozhi poonga is okay... Not awesome or anything.
aaathaaaa!! naa pass aaaayiten!!!
lol. jus saw the account. Ippo enna panna pora?
I shifted to chrome the next day. :P Echofon is the best for ff. Love the side pane option.
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 3 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2p
wanted to watch Alice in Wonderland since a long time back. found it in bro's lappy today. sweet.
lol. no. its going to be Alice in Wonderland...
mood out. need something to distract myself...
exactly...
learning to play the guitar with the help of today's google doodle is the in-thing now...
after 3 days of breaking my head over a bug, i show my code to my mentor. he points it out in a few seconds...
pains with/without glasses. finding it difficult to adjust to it.
please headache.leave me alone,
sick or slick?
Maaveeran in tamil...
it hurts whatever power u have. u must be knowing that. been without glasses for almost a week now. strain.
Power back after 310 minutes...
4 hours 15 minutes now. Even college was better...
Alwarpet.
3 hours and 15 minutes without power now...
2 hours and 15 minutes. still no signs of power coming back...
maybe a leg count of 44,000
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 2 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2g
enough blogging for the day. planning to come up with more tomorrow. till then, good night tweeps.
Still don't believe me? http://wp.me/pP4hy-2f
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 1 http://wp.me/pP4hy-26
I remember the first time I came upon svn. I couldn't figure out what exactly it was, for quite a few days... :P
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 0: http://wp.me/pP4hy-24
ya. -0.5 in left eye. headache for the past few days...
gotta wear glasses from tomorrow... :(
Macbuntu in Ubuntu 11.04 http://wp.me/pP4hy-1V
is my excessive sleeping due to my current eye prob or has it become a habit or is it just laziness? can any of my medical friends clarify?
it used to be one hour earlier...
gah! that 2 hour powercut was irritating!
one more #kde application that I love: Basket!!
kde
back on twitter. nothing can stop me now.
Sad that almost everyone seems to support either one of the two sides, both without any credibility. #babavscong
babavscong
I don't trust any baba or godman.
Manmohan Singh needs a magic wand. U r not a street magician. U r the pm. Shows that u yourself r either inept or corrupt. Disgusting!
Tiwary evades the questions posed to him and runs away...
Dei, tiwary, answer those qsns by Jethmalani now!
and the week starts... #mondaymorningblues
mondaymorningblues
listening to music after so many days!
chennai's weather is no different from trichy's. :(
&quot;trust-me-jayabalan&quot; or &quot;trust me, jayabalan&quot; ? :P
what happened to me??
Some kids from US are so well behaved. But most are not. #sad #fact
sad
fact
So, do I have any more of these ill-mannered brat-from-US relatives?
Just got to know that Ganesh and Kumaresh are distance relatives of mine. :-)
sitting in a random park in bangalore and working on lappy. awesome weather too...
games!! Heavy games!!
Damn! I think must wear glasses now! :(
Ouch! Came to bangalore for a marriage. it seems the bride's dad passed away yday n marriage postponed!
so, did u actually send ur 1000th tweet to me?? :P ;)
that was development da. this is programming...
ouch! so out of touch that i am struggling to solve programming problems now... :(
Dunno whether to laugh or cry - &quot;Chinese teen sells his kidney for an iPad 2 - Telegraph http://t.co/UbFgrH3 &quot;
Government releases official yoga position to remove corruption: http://t.co/exQJfyP
Why Facebook is Scared of Twitter - http://t.co/37n6bbP
hurray! my code works properly now!!
I still can't believe that some ppl still trust this govt!! minister-steals-a-telephone-exchange-loots-bsnl: http://t.co/h6jnVhy
Oracle 'donates' OpenOffice.org to Apache foundation | ZDNet UK http://t.co/vQbWdzS
my first-ever screencast! :P http://youtu.be/WiA0CGh2UkE
can u make the Twitter id in the website linked to the twitter account and clickable?
dei, dk. when u r putting up a link, don't put a full stop immediately after it. twitter recognizes it as a part of that link!
not exactly. i made it a point to change my twitter background everyday. that's all.
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;After the Rain&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
ouch! installed some random twitter background only to realize that, that site had spammed my twitter timeline too...
i live in alwarpet and it is raining here
and the rain starts! perfect weather.
woke up just now. looked up at the sky to find it absolutely dark at 4.30pm!!
Heavy lunch, warm weather, power cut, pleasant music... zzzzz...
yay! life is so much simpler now. i can code what i intended to do, now... #android
android
ah. now i realize that there is a compatibility library for older api versions, to implement fragments...
so badly want fragments and action bar to be back-ported to at least api level 8! would be so much easier to code then... #android
android
cool. jayalalitha saw me now. she must be privileged... :P
i am being plagued by something like this... https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/compiz/+bug/778490
:D RT: @Aarthi_2410: toxic dose of ur thathuvam. Am already hyperventilating :-D
not yet. all the way, flags, banners and posters standing...
think tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha would be passing through the road, where my home is, today...
when u have an opportunity to do a good deed, do it. one of them might go a long way... #thathuvam
thathuvam
good morning tweeps. this is a fine morning...
ah! very tired now. gonna sleep early and wake up early. new habit from now on.
goodbye bad habits!
had a wonderful time with every1 during grandma's 80th birthday celebration!
Grandma's 80th bday celebration! (@ Matsya Restaurant) http://4sq.com/ipH10Y
I will RT this now. :P
Grandma's 80th star bday today. Returning home from kapaleeshwarar temple now.
yes. it did. :-)
Booked tatkal tickets with my #android thru #opera with #3g. #win
android
opera
3g
win
http://yfrog.com/h0ls0dnj My new tshirt from :-)
Linus Renames 2.6.40 Kernel To Linux 3.0, Announces Release Candidate http://t.co/KOIPigt
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Garden Wallpaper&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
yay! got my first t-shirt from now! looks great!
#ubuntu11.04 - #chrome.  #fedora15 - #firefox. #android - #opera.
ubuntu11
chrome
fedora15
firefox
android
opera
#opera on android is super awesome!
opera
went on a #firefox add-on download spree! sooo many add-ons now! yay!
firefox
of course, its obvious what it is. but why the underscore?
leaning towards #firefox more than #chrome now...
firefox
chrome
RT dai y did u change ur name??
ROFL! SO TRUE!! RT: @krishashok: Back after a break. Late night snack #tambrahmrage http://bit.ly/jP9K48 by and @krishashok
tambrahmrage
Good morning tweeps.
there! it crashed again!!
u kidding? my 11.04 keeps crashing at least 5 times in a day!! dunno y.
damn! #ubuntu! stop crashing!!
ubuntu
just had a epiphany! time to set my priorities right...
think i solved my problem of forgettin #topcoder #srm's. setup #google calendar to remind me thru emails, popups and #android notifications.
topcoder
srm
google
android
how abt applying for indian citizenship? :P ;)
Back home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Home) http://4sq.com/l2YweE
I just became the mayor of Anirudh's Home on @foursquare! http://4sq.com/jeoQbu
introducing my mom to #dropbox now. :-)
dropbox
At Grandparents' Home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Grandparents' Home) http://4sq.com/keBSg6
RT @lut4rp:  I'm not &quot;on&quot; twitter. It's asynchronous. If I get a notification and the message needs a reply, I will.
the more i use twitter, the less i use facebook...
#NowPlaying Shri Maha Ganapathe by Balaji Shankar - Abhogi Raagam - Kanda Chapu Thaalam
NowPlaying
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Moonlit Meadow&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
this is more complex than i thought...
accidental power nap! :P
no dhoni for WI tour...
i always seemed to like #firefox #addons more than #chrome #extensions. the way chrome displays its extensions doesn't appeal to me...
firefox
addons
chrome
extensions
time for an haircut...
good morning tweeps! feels great to have parents back at home!!
yeah! but i keep missing almost every srm!
HATE MYSELF!! missed registering for today's #topcoder #srm today too! was watching csk bash rbc around...
topcoder
srm
any luck with ur phone? tried &quot;Wheres My Droid&quot; ?
lol. I don't think I've ever recorded a video from this phone. Never thought about it. :-P
galaxy ace s5830. Really good.
my first salary is still sleeping in my gsoc atm withdrawal card. badly want to get something BIG for my parents with my first salary...
not everyone does.
u there at #rubyconfindia?
rubyconfindia
what about Settings-&amp;gt;About phone ?
some lady complaining on a news channel that gold prices are too high for middle class ppl like her. y buy gold then?? #showoff
showoff
lol! Ha ha!
Wow! mobile.twitter.com is awesome!
meant that too under editor... :P RT: @batusaix911: or like an IDE :D
life is like a text editor. u may not like what u have, but u can always customize it to be the way u like it... #thathuvam
thathuvam
this article might convince you. http://www.androidtapp.com/wheres-my-android/
i think the default text msg is &#8220;Wheres my Droid&#8221;. u might want to be there in the location before msging.
of course, i mean installing through web. http://bit.ly/jElUjm
i am trying to say that u can install it now too, through the android market. u wouldn't have to confirm at the other end...
I'm one of the first in line for the &quot;One Page Twitter Dashboard&quot; from #TwitSprout. Join me  http://t.co/GgTLq6j via @TwitSprout
TwitSprout
seems that #mci delhi is heading towards the same scenario as that of mci chennai. good start, then becoming absolutely boring...
mci
y don't u check?
i just followed 4 guys who were tweeting about #mci delhi. my timeline is full of their tweets now... :P
mci
just when i was thinking whether my eyes were tricking me into believing that the twitter details pane was thinner... http://tnw.co/jWI2U6
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.alienmanfc6.wheresmyandroid
u can install Where is my Droid through the market place onto your phone and make it ring...
no kung fu panda tickets available in satyam for tomorrow. inox website not working properly...
i can't believe that is following me on twitter!! feel so honored...
when u r not hungry but still want to munch on something, don't go for junk food. try munching green bean sprouts instead. #healthytweets
healthytweets
lol. he won't read my tweets da. don't worry. :P
The Da Vinci Code was running on Sony Pix now. The poor direction reminded me of Sachin's poor captaincy in yday's match...
no da. am trying out new themes daily. tweeting abt them so that my followers can try them out too...
i completely forgot that i have an extra white panel for my mobile! i think i will try it out now...
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Rectangles&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps. have a great saturday!
yeah. remastered ubuntu. http://www.oslike.se/
googling about macbuntu might help. most of those sites have screenshots...
yes, it did! sadly macbuntu doesn't seem to available for ubuntu 11.04 yet. i think those guys are making it a fork of ubuntu.
and of course, for the mac experience, i was using macbuntu on my ubuntu 10.10 for a few months... :P
btw, i haven't attempted recovering Windows in my lappy. Windows7 doesn't figure in my bootloader. not interested in it either.
lol. I downloaded Chromium OS a few months back and installed it on my pendrive and tried it. :P don't use it much though...
no no. I had Eclipse in Fedora 14. Now have it in Ubuntu 11.04. overwrote Fedora 14 with 15. So, downloading Eclipse for 15...
i think i'll just download eclipse and android sdk in fedora 15 too, to be safe. will be my download for the night...
i think i'll be done with my work by tomorrow morning. gonna sleep now. gotta wake up early tomorrow.
#guake looks very nice in #fedora 15...
guake
fedora
@dorait: any tech meetups this weekend in chennai? been a long time since I attended any. dunno where exactly to find...
did u have a look at samsung galaxy ace s5830? i think it is pretty good. ~15k. worth every penny.
good night. :)
i think u were waiting for such an opportunity to tweet about, throughout the tournament! :P
has firefox plugin-finder service EVER found adobe flash plugin? i think not. #firefox4
firefox4
why are the firefox guys so keen on maintaining space for the title bar? would like it be how it is, in chrome. #firefox4
firefox4
browser is where twitter is... #echofon #firefox4
echofon
firefox4
sadly twitter.com is crashing even in chromium... #fedora15
fedora15
although i might want csk to face mi, i think rcb deserves to get into the finals, more... #ipl
ipl
frankly saying, MI must produce such a performance today, to make the world believe that it deserves to get into the finals. #ipl
ipl
sometimes, major decisions in life might be based just on small reasons... #thathuvam. like changing browsers, for example...
thathuvam
gnome3 might not be perfect, but #fedora did the right thing by moving to gnome3 if they wanted to stand upto ubuntu and compete. good job!
fedora
#gnome3 looks good. but cannot say that it is very customizable...
gnome3
that's strange! twitter.com keeps crashing in chrome fedora 15...
ani who? me?? i dont even have windows on my system since february!
100th century at Lords would be the best!!
lol. no right click almost everywhere!! #gnome3 #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
typical. firefox occupies more screen space than necessary in #gnome3. #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
fedora 15 is good. i like it. :)
tweeting from fedora 15 &quot;Lovelock&quot; live cd. gnome 3... i think i'll take it.
downloaded #fedora 15 once again! hope it works properly this time...
fedora
some #kde programs that #gnome might never be able to beat: kate, yakuake and k3b.
kde
gnome
the Jura mountains in Switzerland.
#lessinterestingbooks Bored Ultimatum
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks Harry Potter and the Bengal Prince
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks  Harry Potter and the Prisoners of Tihar
lessinterestingbooks
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Daytime Daffodil&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps!
I earned the Lone Wolf sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/kyC9ft
proteinex is the best!
RT Awesome free ebook of startup wisdom from Hiten Shah, Noah Kagan, Patrick McKenzie and others http://bit.ly/MicroConf2
Anirudh S looted a cool item at http://t.co/Y7Vo6bE 0 ago
wow! that sure would be superb!
lol. my coll's curriculum is pathetic! the teaching is worse... just passion to write code drives us forward...
sure. right now or long term? i study at nit trichy. 3rd year btech comp sci. right now working on the app... :P
yeah. working on the existing android app of wordpress...
AAAAND... ITS MY 1000TH TWEET!! 4 figures. ;) &quot;dedicate&quot; it to my amma - - the best mom in the whole world!!
some stats: 50% download of fedora 15 over. today is my mom's star bday. this is my 999th tweet. ;)
kinda yes. dunno what to plan...
dunno. parents wouldn't be at home...
would like a tweeple meetup at chennai. would be fun! any1 up for it?
thanks da. :)
the starter kit contains a pen, some documents to be read, a cute notebook and the prepaid card... #gsoc
gsoc
yay! got my google summer of code starter kit now ! :-)
wait. when did fedora 15 stable get released? @kadithya: u know?
klout is cool. i like it. @klout
just had tomato soup made my grandma! was awesome! perfect for this weather...
very cloudy here. might rain later in the day... :)
wow! awesome weather at chennai today!
good morning tweeps. will be working the whole day today...
timeline problem - Twitter Status http://t.co/tbMoSRo via @twitter
still not able to recover my timeline... what is going on??
what just happened? my timeline disappeared! #twitter
twitter
want a a csk vs mi finals this year too. after all, noone would mind losing to SRT. of course, i'd expect csk to win! #ipl #csk #whistlepodu
ipl
csk
whistlepodu
why would ravi shastri have to carry his personal computer along with him to tweet? he can always tweet from his mobile. #ipl
ipl
why should I implement a GridView? I can as well implement nested Linear Layouts if i know how many elements i'm using...  #android
android
whattacatch! #whattaman #srt
whattaman
srt
just received 2 coupons for discount of 100Rs on Inkfruit t-shirts, through freecharge. can i use both coupons on the same tshirt?
omg. just now woke up after a loooooong sleep.
ok
cycling in the evening. will check availability of movie tickets.
ya. some1 online.
hard-fought draw! feels great after being on the brink of losing...
must be greater in size or space than what's allowed...
y don't u have a proper twitter dp?
if u already haven't bought an inkfruit tee #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
if u r gonna tweet just to win free t-shirts #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
in my college, comp sci subjects are taught better in other depts like EEE and ICE. sad. and would agree...
neatly explained solution for second shortest path. http://bit.ly/mIJXwk
wow! linux using javascript! http://bellard.org/jslinux/
feel like going through topcoder algorithm tutorials now...
and how is it that i have never come upon this? it is just awesome!  http://oeis.org/
this is good. http://jlongster.com/s/dom3d/ lags a bit in my browser though...
&quot;The distance between two points on a sphere will be proportional to the chord connecting them.&quot; hmmm...
http://groups.google.com/group/algogeeks is the link. u can join the group if u r interested. (a li'l spammy though)
solution didn't exceed expectations. typical O(log n) solution only. but one nice obsvn. not considering leading zeros. so n always odd...
reading a discussion on finding whether the binary representation of a number is a palindrome or not...
ubuntu mouse pointer lag hurts... painful to see it move across slowly...
so, i guess i'll go read those mails for the next one hour... #algogeeks
algogeeks
abt 550 mails in my mailbox under the label algogeeks. been filtering and storing them for a long time without reading them properly...
is planning to go on a tweet spree soon. mobile followers, if any, please be warned...
nothing motivates me better than failure! let the coding begin...
damn! so close to submitting solution to 500 problem! #topcoder
topcoder
&quot;error: declaration of &#128;&#152;std::vector&amp;lt;coin&amp;gt; coins&#128;&#153; shadows a parameter&quot; - very helpful. thank u! #sarcasm
sarcasm
when was the last time i saw dawn??
there! this is my twitter theme for the day.
I just rated 9 Superhero Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/kEVgGy
am thinking of getting myself a t-shirt from seems good...
feel good to wake up early! especially this early!!
it feels funny when u sleep for long and wake up at the time when u usually go to sleep daily...
32 degrees C. chennai alwarpet.
some guy in my timeline retweeted stuff from microsoft about windows phone and all that... immediately unfollowed him.
lol. i AM planning to... :P
wow! that was awesome! my new cycle is very comfortable, i must say! exceeded my expectations. full 10 out of 10!
time to go cycling! :-)
almost dozed while watching tv... i dont even remember what i was watching... back to work.
RT @cricinfo_news: Anand Ramachandran on the awesomeness of Chris Gayle | Page 2 | ESPN Cricinfo http://t.co/hDMJorf
interested in learning magic tricks? watch Indrajit Murali in sri sankara channel at 1pm on weekdays. he's really good...
i'd say zaheer khan instead of bollinger or praveen kumar...
gotta resume working now...
yay! connected to the internet thru ubuntu!!
my ubuntu not connecting to my wireless connection even after multiple restarts. dunno why...
y isnt my internet connection working???
want to put the netbook at home to good use. any suggestions?
changed my twitter background after a looong time. feels fresh and different now. must remember to do it often...
to sleep or not to sleep? irritated that code isn't working. not sleepy either...
very misleadingly titled article...
Rahul Gandhi
i think u look the same even now! (tat foto)
dhoni can't do anything wrong today! de villiers goes... #ipl #csk
ipl
csk
peanut butter
t-shirt or shirt?
Get free coupons with every mobile recharge http://t.co/y7HgnEJ via @freechargein
dmk complains that Rebecca Black was responsible for their 2nd successive horrible friday. makes &quot;tgif&quot; taboo within party.
yeah! me too.
if they had been THAT brave enough, they would have surrendered on their own...
i dedicate my 900th tweet to @simulation! he's my dad and he's fun to follow on twitter...
now plz shut that stupid channel down...
news channels...
for all those who pronounce kanimozhi as kanimoli or kanimoyi, this is the way to do it. http://vocaroo.com/?media=vmXAMIUIrhbl6CGWr
i think i might move over permanently from vlc to banshee for music...
Support #Android, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/3c9veB - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
Android
twibbon
Support #WordPress, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/6HK8am - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
WordPress
twibbon
I earned the Check-in Rookie sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/llWuUm
I just rated 12 Animation Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/j5eVSr
i dont think i'll have a use for fedora anymore... installed eclipse, adt plugin and other necessary stuff in ubuntu 11.04...
I earned the Addon Adhesive sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/mkJWL2
tweetdeck, where's my droid, barcode scanner and maybe gmote too...
u can try chromed bird for tweeting. it has an url shortener within it too...
Sir, if you can click the reply button every time u reply to someone's tweet, we wud know in what context, ur tweet is in. Thanks.
A letter to Rahul Vinci (&quot;Rahul Gandhi&quot;) https://www.facebook.com/topic.php?uid=111552515531825&amp;topic=924
thank you @twitvim!! this is really awesome!
I can now tweet from vim!! Awesome!
anirudh24seven
do u mean gilly and marsh?
of course!! :)
we can get our phones upgraded from Froyo to Gingerbread. i.e. Android 2.2 to Android 2.3
of course, it'll happen only later for India...
Did u hear the news? Gingerbread Promised for Galaxy Devices by End of May http://bit.ly/m1oCOF
decided that i'll sleep throughout the morning and afternoon on weekdays and do a night-out daily. can't stand the summer heat...
for every arbit tweet that i see, i am unfollowing that person. feels good to keep my timeline clean...
yeah. saw those &quot;scenarios&quot; article on cricinfo? they haven't updated it after yday's match though...
oops! lol. yeah... even i want bangalore to lose...
he knows that no total can be small enough for gayle. smart playing... #gilly
gilly
planning to install a lot of chrome extensions...
oh. 21st of this month? will check the invitation for the exact location now. am coming...
how abt http://theme.wordpress.com/themes/clean-home/ ?
my work is related to d UI. existing app has an old style interface which is not v intuitive. trying to make it more easy to use
if u r usin twitter through twitter.com, u'll usually see &quot;# new tweets received&quot; which u'd have to click. this eliminates tat
modifying the existing wordpress android app...
cool. :)
Auto refresh twitter - Chrome Extension. u ppl might like it. http://bit.ly/eKMPnG
wow! @HowStuffWorks's android app is awesome!
9-5? which day of the week? i'm having daily power cut from 11 to 11.45...
Mini idly and masal dosai at grand sweets. :) (@ Grand Sweets) http://4sq.com/kgN4D4
maybe its an Apple-sponsored attack to make the masses believe that iPhone is indeed popular... #facebook #spam
facebook
spam
will unfollowing constitute fair play?
i judged a book by its cover and i turned out to be right ! :P
what a wonderful morning! forced myself to wake up. am all eager to visit the koturpuram library today... have a great day tweeple!
of course! very true...
they are responsible for powercuts, water shortages and bad roads. it affects everyone. that's why we vote...
now, the question is, &quot;who will become the opposition leader?&quot; gabdun or mk ?? #tnelections
tnelections
Facebook admits hiring PR firm to smear Google http://t.co/yn44TPh via @engadget
http://brooksreview.net/2011/05/ballmer/ Can anyone challenge these views?
BREAKING NEWS: Mother's day celebrated again in TN, 5 days after original Mother's day! #amma #tnelections
amma
tnelections
both the major parties promised freebies... and one is leading. is it still a snub? i think ppl still want freebies...
which constituency? mylapore?
depends on how many seats his party manages to win... :P
do u know abt mylapore? how can i find out?
lol. http://gabeswebsite.com/images/funny/wrestle.gif
not so disappointed though. got the 500 right. whew! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
read the qsn wrong for 250. thought that final configuration was given n was asked to calculate the initial config. #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
me! me! me too!RT @ashwinjagadeesh: Anyone else feeling ashamed to say rahul gandhi an indian?
gaaaah!! made a mistake in my solution! damn!! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
intermission phase now... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
if it is c++, then i think http://cplusplus.com/reference/stl/ can help u a lot...
why's that?
lol. only 15 submissions for the 1000 pt problem so far... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
i HATE youtube!!
u seem to be in a good mood. guess what i had for dinner now. :D (u'll surely love it if u try it!)
why is  http://developer.android.com/videos/index.html down? shows a 404: Not Found error!
wow!! i was just searching for the same thing!! thanks!
wikipedia did say thru twitter that there might be some problems, right?
i was all excited about google music beta and requested an invitation! only to find that the service was available only in the US... :'-(
Want to watch the keynote speech by live streaming. But leaving for a movie now. :-( #io2011
io2011
never realized that if u enclose text with * in gchat, it appears in bold. for example, *hello* will make hello appear as bold... #gchat
gchat
haha. i &quot;dedicate&quot; my 800th tweet to you with this reply!!
oh. never realized that i am already close to 800 tweets... this is easy :P
there can't be a new TR-rage... cos he's already T 'RAGE'ndar...
i think i am so getting used to working from home... :P hope that the habit doesn't continue when i get a job...
#chatzilla is my favorite irc client...  the only reason i have got firefox running on my comp, actually...
chatzilla
bad luck. my q&amp;a session with the #wordpress community has been scheduled to 10.30pm today. wud be in satyam watching Ko with family. #gsoc
wordpress
gsoc
yuvraj with ganguly now... :)
videos are always an awesome way to learn stuff.
wonders why gtug chennai doesn't have a twitter account yet...
when hasn't Microsoft tried that?
ganguly's strike rate is 0, right now... #ipl4
ipl4
want to follow all google sites on twitter? here is the link... http://www.google.com/intl/en/press/twitter-directory.html
rightly said! :)
wish twitter provided some badges... or wait! is twitter awesome because it doesn't do all that??
my thoughts exactly !! :P
machi. just noticed that you have more followers than following!! #celebrity da nee! @Satish_NR
celebrity
i think i might reach 800 tweets by today...
thanks! :)
myself, sriram, sagar sumit and nivash went through a few rounds but didn't get it. not sure about nivash...
feels that most of my college mates cannot stop bragging about their internships on facebook... grow up ppl! what say ?
Lunch over. Was good. :-)
for that he should try. We shouldn't try... :P
lol. No no. the talks on #android apps r usually awesome... #io2011
android
io2011
everyone is capable of everything. What we do determines who we are... #thathuvam
thathuvam
acquisition of skype by microsoft confirmed... :(
gotta have lunch now. will maybe tweet from my mobile then... :P
wish that the Action Bar widget was available for #android versions &amp;lt; 3.0 too...
android
the more you learn, the more you can think and come up with better ideas... #knowledge #thathuvam
knowledge
thathuvam
i haven't downloaded google chrome 11 on my fedora yet, just because i don't like the logo... :P
nice to see that you are still concerned about the indian education system. i gave up long ago...
and while you are it, you can check out the actual #io2011 website too... http://www.google.com/events/io/2011/ #google #awesome
io2011
google
awesome
going for 'ko' nightshow at satyam today... #ko
ko
what if i can't go to #io2011 ? i'll live stream it or look at it online later... :)
io2011
wonder why gmail every time seemingly seems to be loading something for a loooong time while nothing is actually loaded... #gmail
gmail
love the android app for google i/o 2011... looks awesome! http://bit.ly/knyOMt check out the screenshots! #io2011
io2011
i think i shall start tweeting...
lol at @RajivMakhni's remark that its sad tat mobile manufacturers haven't yet come up with a phone for ppl who can't use one of their hands
can u summarize what is different in this year's contest from last year? i want to know before i get into it...
u r a chennaiite if u r tweeting about #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
if u can't finish ur dinner at a restaurant, ask the waiter to 'pack' it... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
anyone living in sowcarpet is a settu... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
always quote half of ur intended price to auto drivers. they are sure to double it. #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
ah! that feeling of satisfaction when ur mom hands u cold coffee at home... #priceless
priceless
To kapaleeshwarar temple now, with family. :-)
i want an awesome reminder app for android. free app, of course. any suggestions?
it is just awesome!! my default twitter client on mobile. extremely user-friendly! #tweetdeck
tweetdeck
it would. one might never know when he'd be armed again and destroy countless lives again...
sleeeeepy... want to replace my broken ubuntu with something proper b4 going to sleep. found that 11.04 wasn't to my liking.
disappointed and disgusted with  #natty... #unity
natty
unity
counter-intuitive,unnecessarily takin up valuable screen space,flashy enuf to please all kids.congrats ubuntu! u sure have dug ur own grave.
damn! I didn't da... :-( semma flop. I didn't even meet ht ma'am as senior couldn't contact me due to some mobile problem... :-(
dravid's wicket would cheer up randiv after being slammed around by him...
@Messidk90: think its time that you learnt that its 'loser' and not 'looser'. u r gonna be a final year student soon... @Satish_NR
gotta start packing now... sigh... #boring
boring
yay! exams over! spending time on learning more vim stuff now... #vim #fun
vim
fun
guess so...
listening to Sambho Siva Sambo now...
now playing PuliUrumudhu. in the mood for loud, noisy songs now...
Damn! RT No undue sympathy to students falling short on attendance: Court http://bit.ly/km8cJm
an experienced user like u had to search for the terminal! that's just bad. #unity
unity
http://t.co/W73ex9F For those who are still fans of #ubuntu, 11.04 has been released. #unity
ubuntu
unity
I remember celebrating the release of 10.10 not long ago. I dont even feel like trying 11.04 though...
Worm horror in Subway chicken sandwich http://t.co/sVN6Wlc
Softlinks vs. Hardlinks: A Quick Explanation | Techthrob.com http://j.mp/k7iSek via @AddToAny
great to have you back on twitter !
i dont think i'd want an ipad at any point of my life. #ipad2 #india
ipad2
india
Big shoutout to all fellow hackers . Be there at 'Triggr The Mobile' on 14th May 2011, Noida http://triggr.in #triggr @triggrin
triggr
should pause the work on my project. time to have breakfast. very hungry.
the most attractive employer in india! http://t.co/dTaPT2N5
yahoo made so many awesome web products. it started going down when it stopped innovating.
whew. power back. can start working on my project now.
hmmm. this bing desktop app is decent.
want. when will lumia 900 start shipping to other countries like india?
good morning! :)
lol. no thanks. :D
enough of twitter. finding it difficult to study.
luckily, i was advised not to go home and bring back my windows phone. would have been heavily distracted by it, now during exams.
enjoying the rain?
i wonder what is the point of studying all this if i am not able to write it in the exam within the given time. :-/
they should give extra 15 minutes in exams for slow writers like myself. :P
only solution is to listen to music from my comp. :-/
this random music from the 2nd floor of my hostel is at a perfect sound level to keep me disturbed. neither too high nor too low.
point taken. :)
news source?
going to change my approach to studying. will first finish studying the summarized version in my notes and then read the textbook. #adbms
adbms
Bayern hs bn knwn to b involved wit charitable ventures,helping other FC's in financial disarray as well as ordinary people in misery. #wiki
wiki
my support for today's match: Bayern Munich.
:D
slowly getting into knowing more about football clubs. looking out for a team to support.
And both, dropbox and skydrive allow you complete control over your files. they remain yours and yours alone.
Not to mention that Google can use all your files in whatever way they want. Google has surely become evil with its terms n conditions.
Google drive's 5GB looks stupid in the face of 25 GB offered by Microsoft skydrive.
they effectively shared the cost of the patents  and both of them can use all those patents under a licensing deal. nice.
Microsoft selling many of those AOL patents to facebook is a good move for both of them.
synset in nltk is awesome!
want a python interpreter on android. how difficult will it be to implement? hmmm...
i want to sleep. :( but no power in hostel. might have to sleep in clc itself.
i don't think i will be participating in topcoder srm's in a long time. the last 2 were hard enough to make me lose my interest.
there. another huge drop in my rating.
nope. i am no way consistent.
wow. whatte result. failed system test. :-/
there is no such thing as too much internet.
based on text mining, sentiment analysis and twitter. :)
windows phone development is good. i feel that it is easier and better than android to work with. i haven't worked with ios though.
i think that there is no point of waiting for this topcoder srm results anymore. it could take up the whole night.
moral of the story: speak up if you don't like something. u might come under heavy fire initially but u'll finally get what u want. :)
there. issue solved. classmates shifted their mokka posts to another new group. :)
will the central lecture hall complex be open for students in the mornings too? i can come here and work on my project tomo, then.
and i have been waiting for this for more than an hour now...
omg! it seems that the admins remembered to click the &quot;system test&quot; button only a few minutes ago! is this even true? #topcoder
topcoder
first they set problems that require 3 nested for loops and now they announce that system tests are slow. a link between the two, perhaps?
this is bad. system test results have not yet been updated. the situation has been like this for the past many srm's. #topcoder
topcoder
quantal quetzal??? seriously?? this is going downhill since the last 2 releases.
stupid classmates spamming all over the facebook group.
irritating classmates. jobless people.
very tough topcoder matches lately. dunno what is going on. number of solvers has decreased a lot.
at least i solved a problem. but wait, let me see whether it passes system tests.
wasted &amp;gt;45 minutes on one &quot;+k&quot; bug in a tc srm!! :(
i want a bot that listens to ur problems, gives solutions, makes u feel happy once again. why? cos most people are epic fail at such things.
could not sleep for a very long time yday night and had horrible nightmares during the one hour that I slept. #fail
fail
it is amazing to know what extent people can go to, in trying to defend their ridiculous behavior.
power cut. lol.
looking into part of speech tagging now. strongly feel that this is the most important part of my project.
In the middle of the 7th hour of a 9 hour power cut now. Did I mention that it is 40&#176;C over here?
Honeycomb was an aberration. Android tablets never deserved it. ICS is so beautiful on my tablet! Its just perfect on screens of this size.
i do agree that oracle is being a patent troll. but what google did was plain foolish mismanagement.
don't u think that google is at fault? they took something that is free for personal use but used it for commercial purposes.
conclusion: i can't make a nandroid backup on my tab until i free up a lot of space.hmmm.
my reason why i am not buying a ticket to google i/o: second week of office at microsoft &amp;gt; google i/o
even though i qualified, i am not going to buy a ticket nor do i want to go to google I/O this time. http://t.co/tQ8SQCkw
very bad day for my project, so far.
not forgetting that argument and holding on to that memory is even worse.
my view on michael clarke changed immediately after the first wi vs aus test match. that guy is one awesome captain!
and the first one on that list would be aokp, of course.
tempted to begin trying out custom ROMs on my galaxy tab 10.1 as well.
damn. almost forgot that i have a few deadlines to meet, today.
oh well. i wouldn't be spending 900$ (plus more for travel and acco) to visit google i/o anyway.
i hate these power cuts. :(
lol at the mail discussion among iit-m profs.
wow. i thought my college admin is bad. iit madras admin seems to be worse.
the problem with my studying style is that i tend to start all over from the first, every time i sit down to study.
mokka authors. talking about black holes enveloping the earth and destroying all the data in a text book.
i hope there isn't a power cut at 9.15.
3 types of storage - volatile storage, nonvolatile storage and stable storage. #adbms
adbms
i think i will study for my exam tomorrow before working on my project again.
i have ended up writing a bit of ruby code and getting to know that i might have to learn a bit of perl and snowball as well!
this is going crazy. i thought i could do my project in java, python, c++ or some other language that i already knew.
you awake? one doubt in rts portions.
How much has wb actually improved under the new cm?
Of course, I was not referring to any elder sister of mine in the previous tweet.
Bratty, immature and just plain intolerant. #didi
didi
bored of reading already. guess i'll work on my project for a while now.
reading the output returned from a twitter api call now. so much data! makes me feel wow!
the twitter api kinda returns a comedy xml though. wonder why hastags have an extra &amp;lt;text&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/text&amp;gt; tags around them. hmmm...
random powercut. :(
can retrieve 3200 tweets using my ruby code now! #relieved
relieved
tc
i thought that at least round 1c would be easier. :( this is insanely hard!
exhausted! :( but i knew that this would happen.
thanks! :)
codeacademy is easily the best place to learn coding for beginners.
very important day tomorrow. google code jam and topcoder open round 1c.
your thoughts on the newly created Microsoft Open Technologies?
Sweet in mess today for Tamil new year http://t.co/JqE1L5rV
when will my wp7 ever come? :(
always felt that people who can paint are v interesting people. good job google. more of them will be known to the world now. #artproject
artproject
wondering what this google art project is.
ok.
even feels that my room feels stuffy and hot.
I woke up now and felt just the same. http://t.co/seseHn7S #feelingthesameasameme
feelingthesameasameme
Challenge accepted.
Trying out bubbly. This is kinda cool. Listen at: http://t.co/JRxpywSC
Wow! These prickly heat powders really do work! #summerheat
summerheat
Can tweeting about studies actually help in studying? #importantkoshchin
importantkoshchin
announced where? anyone from our wing?
Lol. Coin attracted to a magnetized tester spinning crazily in front of a table fan. http://t.co/UcJaB2Pn
i am going to change.
this is crazy. power is back. what is going on?
power cut again.
so, google+ has something that looks a timeline too.
the google+ plane never took off and it has burst into flames already.
lol. what happened to the interface at google+??
muhahaha. power back.
no water in cooler. dying of thirst and dehydration!
what the hell! power cut again! i dont want to live in this stupid place!
I just love the keys on my l lappy http://t.co/OTI28Ke5
Dear fan. Y U NOOO SPIN?  http://t.co/evQJ5aOH
outrageously funny!! http://t.co/8gYmVpWG
realized that some users do not want to believe that every piece of software runs on code.
Extremely dehydrated. :(
Friends doing what they usually do http://t.co/VCarFYWf
laptop low battery. i think i'll study something from my tab now.
LOL!
using my table fan again. yay!
successful project review. :) our hard work paid off. yay!
time is 10:07 am #uselesstweet
uselesstweet
i'm impressed with the content-price ratio though. #funbook
funbook
lol. this funbook pic shows IE as an app. but the fact is, there is no IE on android! http://t.co/9gDHYEpX
realized that it is always best to be neutral towards companies, platforms and all kinds of software. #onemightneverknowhowtheychange
onemightneverknowhowtheychange
after all, project is for 6 credits (=2 subjects) and each review is like a CT. better to focus on it now.
i think i will concentrate on my project for the next 2 hours and shut down my laptop before the power cut begins.
was looking into codeplex now. i think i'll rather wait for it to gather some momentum before hopping on to it.
now that i have decided to become google-neutral, i am now moving my codes from http://t.co/VxKtMI8w to github.
ok ok. :D
summa da. Leela, ht, ssk, msb and a few other profs had a meeting. That's all.
couldn't resist taking a pic of this conversation :D http://t.co/jFtLPfne
:D
My precious http://t.co/r0FgTbGl
Random window http://t.co/xqGFj8I8
wattabottle http://t.co/dlwljqZl
'Maad'ern college http://t.co/0Pre27NO
looking into powertop now.
having green font on a black background does not make one a 'hacker'.
some secret meeting of the 'rebel' profs going on. plz note.
damn. the ideapad yoga is priced at 1900$!! that is way too costly. :(
and that of course means that i can be on twitter as well. :P
trying to download ieee papers related to sentiment analysis from college lab wifi now.
Last 1.30 class ever!
fb should have produced an instagram rival last year itself. approx 30$ per user on instagram to buy it out.
That was a great session with my project team mates! Feeling confident about my project now. :)
u submitted?
when submission? Tuesday only, right?
yes da. :(
omg!!! completely forgot!! have a huge assignment to finish!!
kalaai max! :D http://t.co/hZiwvG91
waiting for lumia 900 to start trending on twitter.
all of us suppli then. :P
there. perfectly caps a horrible day. didn't get my windows phone today. missed most of csk match. couldn't study properly. flopped tc now.
solved the 250 extremely slowly! worst performance ever. no time to finish 500. #tc
tc
sadly, i slept off and missed round 1a.
topcoder open round 1b starting in a minute.
monday morning.
oh. ok ok. thanks da. what else news? when is project review? this thursday, friday?
ok. thanks. how were the ct questions?
what to study in rts and adbms? the portions discussed on the fb group?
need help about what to study and how to study.
machi. need help about ct da.
no idea da. came back yday night.
Cleant it in spite of my mom's protests. Works without a noise now. :) yay!
For so many months, my home pc used to whine and groan so loudly! Opened it, found that there was dust accumulated on the fan.
Dad singing http://t.co/yOrcVHOS
do blog abt it da. Want to do the same.
Chuck this stupid adv dbms subject. Going to switch to rts now.
If there was something that motivated me to study, it was the fact that my friends were studying too. Now that is also gone.
When everyone else was studying, i was enjoying. Now i have to study, when everyone else enjoys.
idlis are best eaten with the help of yoursporks. i just did. :)
Ranganathan http://t.co/uci2ExoY
i frankly don't see the point in dancing. i came here for food. please stop dancing people, so that they van serve us food.
they can force me to the dance floor but they can't make me dance.
can feel the whole place resonate due to this extremely loud music!!! mavane! i am going deaf!
won a Microsoft bottle. yay!
with the new t shirt that i received http://t.co/OioOzmQI
Just posted a photo http://t.co/x9aKO6vK
at Hyderabad. for Microsoft new hires day.
Hotel Tara http://t.co/vA5n1Js7
Just posted a photo http://t.co/gShkjTtP
Just posted a photo http://t.co/NO5KTYQ2
Just posted a photo http://t.co/iHmqVbEj
First http://t.co/kz1FfgzF
instagram for android!
Hyderabad airport is beautiful!
hmmm. i might be working on visual studio. i might even get what i want, too. get to work on windows phone, perhaps?
in airport waiting for ranga.
Ct 2 over!! :D for me, at least. ;)
thanks da.
need notes for central bank da. can u take photo and upload?
Google's Apr1 pranks sound so mokkai.
why?
my class rep is an idiot.
galaxy ace.
damn! forgot about today's topcoder match and slept off in the evening! remembered only now!
apps related to carnatic music. nothing much actually.
damn. i sat down to read about text mining and ended up making a rage comic!
great that the guys at http://t.co/xp3gl9J4 replied. their reference links would be useful for my project. :)
hmmm. what do i do now?
Back to omega. But its v3 now. Blazing speed... :)
Every single fourth year boy must have come to the mess for evening snacks today!! What is happening??
Raining suddenly like a big storm here!!
Missing my phone camera. Moving to omegav3 from cm9.
totally love this!
this was just waiting to happen. regionalism on twitter.
it doesn't?? :D
got my flight tickets to attend new hires day. :) #microsoft
microsoft
and i think the best reflection of that transformation is metro.
microsoft is surely transforming.
i hope that i get a lumia 900 when i join office! :D
hmmm.
rapidminer is awesome!
not bad. i am working on my project without getting distraced by twi... OOPS!
was so happy that i was working on my project properly from today. saw that my prof had already mailed me yday asking abt my progress!
not yet. will be receiving a htc surround very shortly. most probably would be getting one when i join office too.
Nice! Windows Phone was not supposed to get LTE support  till Apollo. http://t.co/ERwI0c76
ah ha! look at this. http://t.co/FerRJQNL
this is strange. i didn't unfollow anyone recently but when i go visit a few people's profile, it says that i don't follow them anymore.
i used to loathe power cuts when i was a kid. i don't even know what term to use to describe my feelings for them now.
cyan!
Lumia 900!!
6 signs Microsoft has got its mojo&#160;back http://t.co/l7zhhKrq
reading a paper titled as &quot;Towards Linux as a Real Time Hypervisor&quot;. interesting.
Temple run is finally here on android!
or even view it on your pillow cover! :)
realized the same thing last week.
of course, i'd be getting it for free from microsoft india as part of that &quot;i unlock joy campaign&quot; for developing 4 windows phone apps.
it might not be the latest wp but am still eagerly waiting for my htc surround as it would be my first #windowsphone experience!
windowsphone
dunno da.
dunno what will be done.
ind eco only. he seems to be as lazy as me. :D
ranga. :P
at least i don't look sincere. :P
just realized that some people are not as sincere as they seem to be. #assignmentteammate
assignmentteammate
ah. the moment i close twitter, the attachment starts getting uploaded properly.
hotmail doesn't seem to be very good in handling attachments. this is so frustrating!
wow. http://t.co/Cb7U5SA1 has improved its website a little. looks more pleasant now.
Adithya from comp sci. was known as &quot;Mess&quot;.
doubtful. am a final year at NIT-T right now. got the news from my bro who was 3 years senior to me here at NITT. disturbing news.
u from NIT-T?
running ICS on my phone! can't believe it!!
finally!!
hmmm. seem to be stuck on the start screen.
wow! the starting animation rocks!!
whew. installed successfully.
60% over. system being installed right now.
flashing cm9 beta5 on my galaxy ace now. hopefully everything should go fine.
the team behind interviewstreet seems to be  doing a wonderful job! can feel interviewstreet's presence almost everywhere now!
and the best part? my rating was as low as 625 at one point of time! :D feels good now.
yay! my rating crossed 1000 in #topcoder at last!
topcoder
166th in div2. hmmm. i should have still solved that 300 pt problem correctly. not good. scope for a lot of improvement. #topcoder
topcoder
Am finally able to retrieve tweets using twitter4j. More hopeful about my project now.
true that.
damn. cant even update my twitter app settings at http://t.co/vzLIMiUm. keeps saying that Twitter is over capacity.
trying out clementine now.
hilarious! Gizmodo: &quot;we gave people an ipad 2, told them it was the new ipad and they loved it&quot; http://t.co/MPD9xhMd
http://t.co/JxN4K4pE posting your question here might help.
Intel is going to insane levels to popularize its ultrabooks! Aweome video! Social experiment, it seems. http://t.co/nVX2V0uE
both. :)
i wasn't surprised by the climax but what happens in the middle of the book.
the secret of the nagas is a good book. of course, not good as a stand-alone book but along with the immortals of meluha.
missed today's topcoder srm because the rooms were full before i could register.
Power cut in hostels. Bed bugs even in AC bus, on the way home. Rotten life.
quality of cricinfo has just plummeted.
&quot;it was destined that SRT wud get his 100th century against &amp;amp; in the country where he had equalled Gavaskar's then-record 34 Test centuries&quot;
Cheap cricinfo. I bet hey would have written &quot;it was destiny&quot; if Sachin had hit the 100th at any time in any place.
@unreachableHost
why would people unfollow anyway?
omg! I think I clicked unfollow by accident! I would never unfollow u on purpose da. sorry buddy.
hosted at http://t.co/cDSeMaLy
source code?
please don't retweet this.
trying to use twitter4j now.
lol. those guys have used the same BGM in their promo trailer as my coll guys did, for pragyan. #copy
copy
kuruksastra?? seriously, what kind of a name is that?
sure! :)
back to reading about my project.
omg. i totally forgot to let twitterverse know about my new android app. here it is. Bunk Score. https://t.co/AmqBZ5S3..
Things seem to be changing at Google. http://t.co/Z1Aw9Ey1
there. topped up using freecharge.
not from this semester.
feeling very sleepy.
lol.
its 4.30! yay! running off to mess. #thathungry
thathungry
naanga nambuvom. avanga nambuvaangalaa? :P
lol.
as a student developer, i honestly think that developing for windows phone is much easier than developing for android.
will give myself an hour to finish this app.
hmmm.
hungry. :-/
dunno. not very clear about what the msg exactly means.
dunno. not very clear about the msg exactly means.
my previous tweet is the msg i got from airtel. shortened to fit within 140 chars, of course.
Ur Twitter on USSD wil b renewed in nxt 3 days n u'll be charged Rs5 for 5 days from ur airtel mobile account. To unsubscribe, dial *515*22#
wth! has airtel decided to charge users for using twitter through sms?? 5 Rs for 5 days??
i wonder where i misplaced my data cable for my phone.
first, got to finish that bunk score app.
:)
i found most ebooks too difficult to start with. i started with those tutorials at http://t.co/LBq5LZyW.
that beard gave him that thalaivar status. #baasha
baasha
it is time i admit on twitter that i have watched #baasha only once ever in my life. thalaivare, please forgive me.
baasha
no. :(
twitter, Y U NO showing #basha as a trending tag??
basha
programming isn't just a skill. its a way of thinking.
nope. not at all.
don't worry. use the right earphones. *trollface* :D
#CLT Sitapathe by Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer
CLT
one simply doesn't wish chuck norris belated birthday wishes.
72 years ago, Chuck Norris decided to let humanity know his presence.
true.
:P
been using that list for almost a year now. :)
i don't even know why i typed the above tweet. am very jobless, i guess.
cow and dog fighting near the dustbin near the mess. visible from room.
maate maladwaja in khamas ranks as one of my favorite songs of all time.
so what shall we do about the tweetup? what shall we discuss about?
check this out. https://t.co/JF5UZBLj
will let those guys know. :P
why so? why not a different model?
hmmm. looking into twitter4j now.
i hate it when klout makes me tweet stupid things to enable me to complete quests.
According to @klout, my Klout score is 51. How influential are you? http://t.co/ZETS90eO
first step. data retrieval. get me those tweets, i say.
will get started on my project now.
still waiting for my new windows phone 7 device. hope i get it at least by the end of this month.
running ubuntu, win 7 and win 8 consumer preview successfully on my laptop now. #tripleboot
tripleboot
this Boot-Repair script suggested in the Ubuntu FAQ is amazing! recovering my ubuntu grub became a breeze after installing it.
This is new to me. Never knew that power goes at 4.30 am as well. #sleeplessnight
sleeplessnight
900 kbps. good.
so what's the plan?
great! my blog http://t.co/45cyhq7N reached 15,000 views! :)
&quot;So dude, what's the new iPad called?&quot; &quot;...&quot;
Lol. I bet no blogger or tech mag guessed this name. The new iPad, it is.
The fact that there is a bias against giving respect to female people in the Hindi language speaks volumes about the people who created it.
many bugs fixed. new features added. i heard that something like more than 100,000 changes were brought about in the code.
honest suggestion. don't join my college. we are having &amp;gt;10 hours of powercut daily from this semester.
AIR 1100. Tamilnadu state 28.
NIT Trichy.
nice. :)
21. you?
i wanted to upgrade that windows 8 developer preview in my third partition to consumer preview. forgot. will do it tomo.
@Aarthi_2410, your Klout Score is decent (I'm a 51). Check out your profile today! http://t.co/DP3WPElP
I just completed the Connect all networks quest on Join me:  http://t.co/LjHpRIDg
would've retweeted that if not for the expletive. relatives following on twitter. :D
apple innovates. samsung copies. developers make it better. consumers benefit.
in brand power? surely! :)
if people researched, they would go for the one with the better config. but they don't research.
all those depend on the trust of people on apple. they dont research about products much.
i strongly feel that companies keep releasing products. so the &quot;Best Product&quot; title shifts back n forth. natural. :)
the original tab is nothing short of disgusting. the 10.1 is really good. maybe the ipad HD will trump galaxy tab 2 10.1.
exactly my point. love for steve jobs, worshippers and fanboys of apple. remove them n its a good product. not the best.
my grandpa owns an ipad2 &amp; my cousin owns an ipad.i like android as an OS. but the lack of updates from samsung? i hate.
product brand, advertising and fan following contribute to sales. if u compare them feature by feature, d 10.1 is better.
as long as there are communities away from the control of manufacturers and google, i am happy with android. :)
i don't particularly hate apple. just that my wants aren't exactly oriented with the devices that they make. :)
one need not even root an android phone to customize the looks of the OS.
i know about jailbreaking but android, by default provides thousands of launchers and apps to substitute system apps.
i chucked that slow, laggy ROM on my android device and installed a custom ROM. better speed, battery life, etc.
it is very smooth. trust me. i love apple for its innovation. but i feel other platforms provide more control for the user.
i feel customization trumps everything else. android allows a lot of customization. iOS doesn't.
i have loved the look n feel of mac os x. but i could make my ubuntu completely look like that. #customization
customization
s2 is light in weight. some ppl like the plastic feel n some dont. the bigger screen is awesome too!
Galaxy Tab 10.1 vs ipad 2. i have used both n felt the tab 10.1 was better. it has better camera too.
brand building? Yes. But best product? no. Samsung beats apple there.
Samsung is crazy. Launching so many Android phones. No brand building at all.
Google doesn't care about users with slow internet connection. Market/Play n Google+ are perfect examples.
WHY THE HELL IS THE MOBILE VERSION OF THE HINDU WEBSITE DISPLAYING FULL PAGE POP UP ADS???
Although i don't like siegler, this article is good. RT @TechCrunch: The iPad HD Sucks* http://t.co/ZDM8wyUl by @parislemon
Wow! RT @engadget: Nokia Lumia 800 update reportedly triples battery life http://t.co/h2KrVle4
If only students spent half their time of watching movies and taking photos of themselves, in writing programs...
Realized that I tweet more during class hours than my free hours.
Google play??
remember discussing this? someone already has done this. http://t.co/Ad4E45UH
Good to hear that Congress is performing poorly everywhere. :)
and with that adapter, i am able to connect my USB keyboard to my tab and tweet, just like the last tweet and this one too! :)
how could i be so careless? found an USB adapter for my galaxy tab 750 in the box that it came with, while searching for something else now!
key lime pie sounds worse than precise pangolin! what's with the ridiculous version names everywhere??
u should see their fb profile pics. @unreachableHost
we should. but i think we dunno how to get it. just feel that some1 should point out how we go abt doing it.
whom r we against? it's not that some1 is holding on to our power n not giving it to us.
i didnt buy it. The wifi-only model was released in india today.
Slept almost the whole day n feeling very groggy now.
it's just a wifi model. yeah. sad at that price.
the asus transformer prime android tablet.
Wait. So the transformer prime in India doesn't have 3g support? That's epic fail at that price!
I think I'll sleep again. Too tired to go have lunch.
Luckily, I didn't wait for it and got a Galaxy Tab 750.
Omg! Just woke up to the news that the transformer prime is coming to India for a ridiculous price of 50k! Who will even buy that??
hey, can i join u for ind eco assignment?
So hot here in college!
No balance, no signal for internet connection, no electricity, extremely hot weather! This is horrible!
Love the ASUS padfone video. Great to see how the industry is moving.
Hindi classes at last.
When will I get to drive???
Omg! In the middle of a hilarious adventure right now!
:P RT @localteaparty: Match interestingly poised
Driving test gonna start.
thank you! :)
The day has finally come. Driving test day. :)
Yay. Am a full-fledged XDA member now. Reached 10 posts. :)
Yay. Won a TopCoder T-shirt. :)
khamas is one raagam which i'll never stop loving. reminds me of my childhood, learning music from my mother and grandmother.
power back.
LOL! @localteaparty
What a Year&#8211;XDA Portal Turns Two! http://t.co/31HYz3dE via @xdadevelopers
read your mail now. shocked to know! some of us were not organizing this year. I hope the organizers respond properly.
thought so! :D what about YOU? ;)
it is 'laugh' in tamil. :D
even the blank slides? :P
Omg. Even after being told that Gayle's slides are available online, my friend was able to point out a girl who was taking notes down!
This is unexpected. Gayle Laakman's lecture is boring.
Everyone here at #pragyan enjoying Mike Brown's video conference. @plutokiller
pragyan
Mike Brown has a fitting twitter id. @plutokiller
Wow! Narendra Nayak is ripping into Sai Baba, Amrita lady, Sri Sri Ravishankar and Baba Ramdev in #pragyan!
pragyan
all of us here in Pragyan are enjoying hearing u talk. :)
Getting to know more about the favorite person I eagerly watch on TV! @xercyn
Having a wonderful video conference with (Jeff Lieberman) at #pragyan!
pragyan
Awesome time lapse videos being shown in Pragyan!
Tweetcaster for android tablets is super-awesome!
Stupid team at info desk. Announcing wrong timings for events. #pragyan
pragyan
tweetcaster pro is my favorite!
geeklist is really awesome. must start using it properly from now on.
the way my distractions have moved. reddit-&amp;gt;twitter-&amp;gt;xda-developers.
:D
I got placed before I applied to start a GTUG. :P simply involving myself in tech stuff as much as I can. :-)
yes. in last July. thanks! :-)
finally! after nearly 7 months of waiting for that mail from Microsoft, got it today, at last! :D
heard that cm7 doesnt support ace properly.
awesome speed da.
running a custom ROM on my phone for the first time! and its the super-fast OmegaRomv2 for the Galaxy ACE! thank you @CooperROMs!
Sweet, and are giving away 4 Galaxy Nexuses and 4 Transformer Primes. Wish me luck! http://t.co/jH848zeM
the extent to which people would go to promote their college fests!! some guys are adding their fest's name to their facebook name!
wanted to ask you this for a long time. was the pragyan promo trailer your effort? brilliant da!
to think that i might be able to be calm and enjoy life after my cycle tests. this is much more hectic than i thought!
hectic day! no sleep at all. :(
i hope this doesn't turn out to be a 'taking the horse to the water' story. must wait and watch.
some random hindi actor/director who makes a fool of him on twitter. @unreachableHost
lol! :D
was planning to do it yday night in the bus, but i was so tired preparing for the cycle tests that i dozed off.
finished updating necessary stuff right now for the android dev camp of NITT GTUG chapter.
good morning tweeps! hectic day ahead!
Galaxy Tab 10.1!!
I just unlocked the &quot;Bender&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/pHiftufC
I just unlocked the &quot;Campus Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/lgaxkLkR
I just became the mayor of Mechanical department on @foursquare! http://t.co/yoXHgeAo
I just unlocked the &quot;Crunked&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/FpA0NN4Q
I just unlocked the &quot;Overshare&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/0Xnkbxdl
Trying Vlingo for twitter.
I am a noob when it comes to custom ROMs. What does the latest blogpost on cm9 actually mean? How do I compile cm9 for my galaxy tab 10.1?
I just unlocked the &quot;Super User&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/a0GV72Nh
I just became the mayor of Pearl hostel on @foursquare! http://t.co/YTRJXqLG
I just unlocked the &quot;Local&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/nV1ruwBE
I just unlocked the &quot;School Night&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/D0p4azov
Omg! What an unexpected adventure! Back home at last.
Back home. That was one of the most decent journeys I had, in a long time. #nobedbugs
nobedbugs
And the protagonist of the series surely resembles my uncle.
My favorite character from the series? The janitor!
And this scrubs series gave me a great insight into their lives! Loved it.
I wonder how medicos become who they are. They are awesome!
ac bus.
I just hope I don't get a fever.
There is only one person in this whole wide world who will never hurt u. And that's yourself.
Yay! Jadeja namakke!
This is so comfortable! Studying in college library with my tablet connected to the internet using college wifi.
I just unlocked the &quot;Bookworm&quot; badge on @foursquare! Long live print! http://t.co/H56nJVp0
I just unlocked the &quot;Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/X5lkXFJa
I'm at Mega Mess 2 w/ http://t.co/rmZl1JNR
how?
No power. No water. Waiting to get away from this place.
dei. Its not an elective for us da.
http://t.co/6LtUzhwM throwing Missing X-TransactionID header error.
Why should a comp sci engineer know about all this industrial economics nonsense??
Dear prof, is it ok if I stop writing notes n start tweeting about it instead?
Bunked the first class today to spend time writing code. :-P
And the best part was when one random student came up n told that I drove nicely.
Yay! Done. Drove from BHEL to mech dept in coll. :-)
lol. Within the college campus. Talking about these mad trichy roads now.
Should hopefully get a chance to drive on the road today. :-)
That's it. Enough working on that app for today.
My previous tweet shows how headlines can be so misleading.
Meet Bill Gates, the Man Who Changed Open Source Software | Wired Enterprise | http://t.co/9yM9sACl http://t.co/a9bUjsnA
what exactly goes in those chinese facilities: http://t.co/vPVY7ePw
apple is so disgustingly evil that they don't mind inhuman conditions of workers in china assembling apple products.
oh my god! #3wordstories
3wordstories
take care da. btw, i personally use those himalaya's septillin in case of throat infection. v effective for me.
what happened da?
from now on, i promise to make a conscious effort to not loathe anyone, fight with anyone or hold grudges against anyone.
Got a new watch n flute! Yay!
that's it. i have decided to concentrate more on my project from now on.
Indha pic badgeukku onnum korachal illai.
i wish ravi shankar sir was here on twitter.
Lol. Comedy pasanga. Spelling mistakes on such a poster.
damn. this means that i can't write android apps until i get back to college. #everythingbroken #needtoupdateeclipse
everythingbroken
needtoupdateeclipse
fletcher must go.
oh. ok ok. thanks. :)
done. :) thanks.
doubt. what is #CLT?
CLT
Back home safely, at last.
Omg! They are finally here!.bedbugs!
Phew! Got out of the traffic jam after nearly an hour!
So much traffic near the toll gate that they are sending off all vehicles w/o collecting any toll, to clear the traffic quickly!
read toi.
That news about the mad bus driver? It will henceforth be referred to as Swargate-gate.
Oooh. RT @TimMoore: Larry Page To Googlers: If You Don't Like 'Search Plus Your World,' Hit The Road (GOOG) http://t.co/Ya0dPzjH
still in the bus. :D
Changed my place once again.
doesn't seemto be.
Omg. He is sitting next to me again and is trying to start a conversation with me now!
Can't switch on gprs to risk draining out my battery completely. Only twitter SMS can keep me awake now.
One thing is sure. I won't be able to sleep with this suspicious character around.
I changed my seat back to the front. Let's see what happens now.
After a while,this guy comes n sits in a diagonally front seat. N starts glancing behind to see what I am upto.
After a while, I said that i am going back n went n sat at the back.
He came and sat down next to me when the almost all rows behind us were empty.
He took some ticket for 120 only which means he'll get down somewhere on the way to Chennai.
Fishy looking character in the bus.
As usual, my phone's battery drains at the start of my journey.
Off to Chennai. Hope to have a safe journey.
These power cuts should be banned.
Tweaking my galaxy ace to look more n more like a wp7 phone. Love it!
This industrial economics class is a waste of our time.
Glad that my teammates accepted my project idea. Hopefully everything should go on smoothly.
Glad that I rooted my phone. Removed some useless apps today.
Awesome lady's fingers in mess today!
Hmmm. I thought I'd want to take a break today. But no. I think I'll go n code now.
need something to drink. parched!
successfully submitted my 3rd and 4th wp7 app today. should wait and see whether they are certified or not.
could not upload as much details as i wanted. shortened it and submitted. too exhausted to complete it fully now.
4 over so far, 150 remaining. Need to speed up.
Here goes, the countdown begins from 154 now.
So, that's decided then. Retiring from college gully cricket as well. No proper ball, no proper rules. Too random for my liking.
After what seems like an eternity, finally got the app ready. Submitted now. Hopefully should get successfully certified.
6 left.
Should ensure I go to sleep properly in the night n not doze off abruptly, like yday.
Hmmm. &quot;Google's earnings disappoint&quot; while &quot;Microsoft's quarterly profits exceeds expectations&quot;? Sign of changing times?
More importantly, I need breakfast.
9 left. I need a break.
7 out of 18.
6 out of 18 done.
Omg! This coffee tastes terrible!! Feel like puking!
Freezing cold outside! According to trichy standards, of course.
Sigh. Finished only 5 out of 18, so far.
Off to driving class now. First day. :-)
Whew. Procedures over. Off to college now.
Waiting in rto office now. Gotta wait till 12 for power to come back, it seems.
at NIT Trichy, my college. Has never been so cold here, before.
Damn. Both, gprs balance n talktime balance out. Must top up today.
hmmm. need more ideas...
should start work on my final sem project soon.
Damn. Tubelight gone in my room.
Can't believe that its so cold here in the campus!
this just took less that &amp;lt;60 seconds. #rootinggalaxyace
rootinggalaxyace
damn! am on a 7 match losing streak. life sucks! #chess
chess
At 35th Chennai book fair now. Wondering how my mom convinced me to come here.
true. but depends on whom u watch along with.
feel like punching myself in the face!
liked ur article in Business Insider on why windows phone will be a success.
a close family friend died in a road accident. he must be only 29-30 years old. got a wife and a daughter.
a few things. voter id card, college id card, atm card and some cash.
i thought yday was terrible. today seems worse.
new day, new beginning.
One hell of a night. Tortured by bedbugs for the past few hours.
yeah. :-(
Disastrous ending to a lousy day. Got pickpocketed in local bus!!
And here it is. Carnatic Quiz app for Windows phone users. http://t.co/Cy6sv0XC
opera seems to be crashing frequently for me. need some other browser that can support slow net connections properly.
that carnatic quiz app has been successfully certified. waiting for it to become active in the windows phone marketplace.
hello twitter. am back.
Library is v nice. Best way to spend an afternoon.
brought my spectacle case to coll only to find that my spectacles aren't inside. left it at home. :(
my fate is sealed. going for two tech electives.
Damn. All the good electives are getting canceled. None of my friend seem to be taking the same choice of electives as myself, too.
ok. :)
sure. do I ask them to contact through twitter?
this summer. am placed in microsoft on-campus, actually. would be interested in an internship.
sorry. saw ur tweet only now. college re-opening tomorrow. so, leaving tonight. can i know more?
most importantly, i want to become more consistent in coding.
enough resolutions about my food intake and health. have taken a few about coding now as well.
some ppl don't deserve even a little help. because they'll stab u in the back, anyway.
Expected. Got terribly low grades in the two most randomly corrected subjects. Stupid correction.
irritated.
i don't understand. shouldn't a company that helps other companies in their hiring process follow the same hiring process??
v nice dp da! :)
too many tutorials available for developing windows phone 7 apps. finding it difficult to choose the best among them.
kutcheri buzz published a small text on my Android app in yday's issue! http://t.co/uVTqrgTo  via http://t.co/DE4Akmwl
today WILL be an eventful day for me. so, i don't think its a new year yet. i want to enjoy this day too.
i dont understand. many ppl dont seem to think that december has 31 days. #newyearwishes
newyearwishes
good morning tweeps.
not yet da. waiting for gokul.
why isn't any1 posting the actual results on facebook??
frustrating! more than 8 hours spent on this stupid thing! i give up!
something similar da. but its pretty stupid.
wth! downloaded 78.6 MB out of 100 odd and it just froze!! next download available only after half an hour.
sometimes ur best intentions are misunderstood.
damn it. cook didn't turn up today. no proper tiffin. can't go out and buy too, due to this hell of a downpour!
stupid windows! doesn't even allow me to change file permissions properly.
sutham. rooting is going to take at least 3 days with this net speed.
i think tonight will be the night when i root my phone. i think it'll take more than tonight to download the necessary files though.
+8. was worth the wait after all. :P
that means my rank is somewhere around 380. oh well.
damn! it seems i flopped my 500pt solution!
that just means i would have to stay awake for a longer time now.
&quot;System test results will be delayed. We'll try to announce them as soon as possible. We apologize for technical problems.&quot; #topcoder
topcoder
lol. this &quot;Value Pack&quot; for Gal S and Tab, 'sounds' silly, although it might be really good.
one thing is for sure. if my rating goes above 1000 today, i'll do a night out. :D
hmmm. tourist seems to be the #1 today, as of now. of course, could Petr be far behind? he's on #2 now.
will do it TRS style. announce my rank on twitter if it is decent. otherwise go to sleep silently. :P
hope i got those 2 problems right.
time for system tests! bring it on! :P
waiting for the challenge phase to start.
hmmm. just one guy submitted a solution for the 1000pt problem in my room.
8 minutes left. oh well. i give up. will learn from the editorial after the contest.
frustrating...
i can never solve these 1000pt problems until i practise more.
hmmm. the next few months will decide whether i want to keep my fb account or not.
almost forgot. topcoder match at 9.30 tonight.
Tab updated to 3.2. Naice. :-)
50% now.
49% of installation done. :-)
Downloaded 3.2 honeycomb update. Updating device now. :-)
3.2 honeycomb update available for my tab! :)
cool. got a pinterest account now. going to try it now.
Hmmm. Time to sit n learn c#.
oh nice. when is ur date of joining?
same for airtel.
Opened cricinfo, clicked live scorecard, first thing I see is: Tendulkar OUT! Lol.
so, where is ur posting? Chennai? Any extra news? Which team?
cool. connectify works perfectly. @connectifyme
tendulkar &amp; dravid: 49th partnership of 50 or more in Tests.
hussey seems to be troubling the batsmen.
hmmm. no century in this test match so far.
poda hilfenaus. not out.
lol. now i see posts ranting abt the kindle fire. lol again.
the most common reply why ppl don't adapt to a new platform: &quot;others aren't on it&quot;. #linux #g+ #wp7
linux
g
wp7
dropped thrice?
&quot;just because others do it&quot; would be the lamest reason of all time.
no. i never backed up all phone contacts to gmail da.
yeah! still haven't finished deleting contacts starting with 'A'!!
realized that i had synced my google+ contacts along with their profile images to my android phone. that explains y phone memory got full.
yay! shifted old photos from mob to comp and freed 700mb on sd card.
paruppu saadham at pathu mani pm.
dei! its super awesome da!
wow! congrats da!! kalakku!!
damn! sadly yes.
expecting a dravid, sachin and a ponting century. come on!
nice one!
does anyone else think that the galaxy y ad looks stupid? #overacting
overacting
Created my own Android app and launched it on the market. http://t.co/FZQht9QE
true. its too early.
that must be the second time today that ponting lost his balance after playing a shot.
don't u think he is struggling against those balls outside the off-stump? he might edge them any time.
if is awake at odd hours in the morning, go check ur tv. there must be an awesome cricket test series going on!
ponting plays football to keep the ball away from the stumps.
all australian batsmen struggling against bouncers.
umesh strikes again! marsh goes for a duck!
Warner gone!
Yay. Covers are off once again.
I just watched one ball! Damn! Rains.
thanks! :)
for those who missed this tweet earlier: to all carnatic music fans who own an android, i present you this. http://t.co/RaIEv4qq
I still love how dickens portrayed scrooge.
Today is christmas? Bah! Humbug.
about right time too. power cut now.
should keep improvising it.
there it is! finally on the app market. available for download. https://t.co/ldgwSGrQ
typed 100+ questions and answers for the app! fingers paining. must take a break.
i just left my seat once to drink water. must've been 5-6 hours of continuous work from today morning.
it is undeniably a mokka app as of now. but at least, the first version is ready.
have never worked this hard in my life! the first version of my app is ready. learning how to sign and upload in the market.
what a terrible start to the day!
lol. will surely get to know tomorrow then. :) good night.
ok. :) btw, i follow ur tweets regularly but do not know ur real name. can i know now? :D
great! am attending ganesh-kumaresh concert at 5.30 am tomo in panchamuga anjaneyar temple in mylapore. will be in academy at 8. :)
i would like to meet u tweeps interested in carnatic music. am one too. saw ur timeline n realized that there seem to be many of u.
u were there? i thought amrit's lec-dem was good too.
why the hell am i so inconsistent in coding?!!
ganesh-kumaresh concert in that anjaneyar temple tomo morning at 5.30! yay! i remember how wonderful it was last time!
awake at last!
so, here i am, beginning work on my final year project.
as said brilliantly by my friend, when u don't know what to do next, do the job that u will have to do for sure, anyway.
update for my rapidminer tool? u must be kidding! i downloaded it this morning!
Both lec dems were awesome today! Totally worth skipping today's srm.
Never did I know that Umayalpuram Sivaraman could be so witty while speaking!
&quot;Every rhythm has a counter rhythm.&quot; - Trichy shankaran. #ethirnadai
ethirnadai
Not because I follow the thanjavur style of playing, but I personally don't like how the palani style sounds. #mirudangam
mirudangam
had to choose between today's tc match or the lec-dem on &quot;Sri. Harishankar style of khanjira playing&quot; by Sri. Amrit. chose the latter.
i don't like it at all when more than one interesting event happens at the same time.
hmmm. realized that i might not be able to attend today's tc srm. sigh.
good morning tweeps.
del. Google for the apk file. Problem solved. :P
checking out the google currents app now.
first time i see so many of my friends talk abt something related to google+, after the first week. #schemer
schemer
check HK's fb post.
ask da.
woah! when did this release? never knew about this.
my grandma's feedback after listening to kola veri: &quot;dhanush has sung well. he has maintained shruthi properly.&quot;
i wonder why ppl like foursquare. hmmm.
back to using macbuntu.
sigh. still haven't found an driver update that fixes my touchpad on windows. i don't want to resort using a mouse.
Removed my mobile cover n been like that for the past one week. This feels much better.
sony pix must be having some deal with the producers of the Resident Evil series. daily some movie from that series.
but that is more related to ppl involved in a medical profession. i think i'll go ahead with my idea.
a brilliant idea struck me. when i googled abt it, sadly someone had beat me to it. it is this. http://t.co/3w46Sybc
this is the article that i am reading now. really well written! http://t.co/PY8Z44Xj
TIL abt docblocks. nice. :)
going to spend time today on stackoverflow.
Preparing for carnatic music quizzes now. Any suggestions?
omg! never knew that there was a windows phone camp in chennai today. could've learnt something.
RIM stopped innovating over the past few years.
brand value can't stand forever. apple regularly released new innovations over the last decade. RIM didn't.
of course, there is this ubislate thingy but it doesn't even satisfy some basic requirements.
i repeat. kindle fire isn't THE android tablet. its the poor man's tablet.
Playing the khanjira would surely improve my mirudangam playing.
Started playing the khanjira again. So much fun!
Wth! Four 29c passed but not a single 27d!
Second time I'm seeing her!
Jayalalitha in a convoy!
Maayamma ninne now.
As brilliant as ever! Trichur brothers in music academy singing awesomely!
there should be an #IdiotKiranBedi trending tag.
IdiotKiranBedi
whew. xda-developers is back.
Had an awesome day today!
wth airtel! losing money at regular intervals when i am not even using my phone! no call, sms or gprs.
wow! finishing off long pending problems on spoj at a decent rate. happening only after i began to realize that coding is fun.
accepted now. :) potuko!
lol. yeah.
remember that CSTREET problem? there is a price per unit length input parameter called p da. lol.
slept for only 4 hours, walked around for 2 hours n ppl at home are getting angry that i'm not coming along with them to a lec dem now!
Outside kapaleeshwarar temple now. Waiting for our bhajan troupe to start.
+32 :-)
that should have been a flopcoder match as i slept off in the middle of the srm. cant stay awake for even a sec more. good night tweeps.
topcoder first. twitter later.
dad askin for android phone suggestions. does tat mean tat its time to get a new one for myself n hand over the one i have right now,to dad?
bro stopped changing channels n paused on  'oda oda oda thooram puriyala' song. patti asking whether this is the kolaveri song.
lol. every1 in my family getting more and more 'youth' and 'dude-like' these days.
parents and grandparents praising will smith's acting.
omg. almost forgot. topcoder srm tonight.
some ppl are so talented that they are awesome at everything that they play around with. #amazed
amazed
just realized that an android device is more useful for creative people than nerds like me.
nice app discovered by my friend. rangoli kolam on android. https://t.co/Tpb8LTUy..
now is the time i get over my laziness and do something important!
off to music academy canteen with harimanjunathan.
student. or student at nit-t.
one of my classmate's linked-in intro reads - head of some pragyan event. is that how one introduces themselves to others? find it strange.
reminded of the da vinci code where the thatha says that everyone is entitled to hold their secrets.
RMS is the Karl Marx of the software industry.
the free software philosophy would have died if it not were for torvald's outstanding work.
but it should entirely be the choice of the programmer or the organization.
of course, software can continue to be commercially available too.
just as every1 is encouraged to do social service, every programmer must be encouraged to contribute to open source.
reading a biography on stallman. feel that the open source ideology is more like socialism.
Damn! Forgot to update my gprs pack.
Listening to Bombay sisters at music academy main hall now.
Insane crowd for t.n.krishnan's lec-dem at music academy mini hall! No place to even stand!
another useless day.
hmmm. this twitter 'discover' feature is exactly what i had in mind for my project. gotta think of a new one now.
how much ever hard i try, some things can never be done.
invading other countries, SOPA, tasering, pepper spraying. what next america?
at the end of the day, i'd rather live in a stupid country that i know than live in a stupid country that i don't know.
idiot american congressmen. they seem to be worse than our politicians.
i could also stop tweeting and start working.
i could write some wp7 apps. might help understanding a few unknown stuff. #c#
c
i could build write a few android apps. or spend time on improving the wordpress android app too.
i could start my btech final project. got to read more papers abt data mining tweets, as my proj is related to it! ;)
i could start my preparation for code jam. spoj, codechef and topcoder beckon.
now that there is no answer to &quot;what should i do?&quot;, its time to answer &quot;what can i do?&quot;.
i want to attend a few lecture demonstrations in the morning today.
wouldn't mind if BB is replaced by wp in the 3rd spot.
glad that the trip went without any problems. whew!
back home at last! :)
Cool. Update for my galaxy tab 10.1.
full freedom. v encouraging.
wow! my prof is super cool! :)
Stupid powercut. Need to stay in the dark for the next 45 min or leave. I'll stay.
damn. just wait for a few months n u get a smartphone with similar features but for half the price. #galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
Stupid powercut!
At kulithalai station now. Which means trichy junction is next. :-)
Whew! Reached station safely, one hour before my train departs.
Yay! Signal, at last!
signal at least now!
Reached munnar safely.
thanks to twitter, I am able to update my close ones with what I am doing.
hope to have a safe trip.
luckily, abhishek bachchan doesn't see my tweets.
r we going to kochi or directly to munnar? no idea.
the bus starts at last.
typical. arbit stranger sitting next to me in bus.
yeppa, please start our bus. Unbearably hot in here.
That same feeling after I wrote jee n after I got placed. &quot;What do I do from now on?&quot;
and finally, the big day is here. acm icpc amritapuri regionals 2011 contest in a few hours. #amicpc
amicpc
off to the beach, at last, after so much waiting. #amicpc
amicpc
all tweets tagged with #amicpc being displayed here. hmmm.
amicpc
Registering for munnar trip now. #amicpc
amicpc
Practice contest n lunch done. :) #amicpc
amicpc
not with battery life. but with battery sensors, yes.
At kayankulam at last.
nice weather here. :-)
heard that the battery indicator in unrooted android phones doesn't work properly. should root mine soon.
hmmm. all sabarimala devotees getting down here.
at chengannur station now. kayankulam would be next.
yay. able to charge my phone, at last.
dammit. roaming charges for incoming calls. should remember that.
oops. forgot that battery was low. should stop tweeting. good thing that it has survived the night anyway.
nothing scheduled for today. but I think today will still be good. looking forward to an exciting day. :)
hmmm. train delayed by 1.5 hours. should have reached kayankulam by now. now only at kottayam.
Good morning tweeps! :)
no 20 print outs for the contest, this time?
ennadhu? gandhi sethuttaara? :P
opened up cricinfo to find out that jadeja has bowled a maiden now! in this pitch!! #whattaman
whattaman
i know. ubuntu is my primary distro anyway. had built chromium os on my pendrive 11 months ago, just for fun.
i was trying to remove a problem. the problem itself is solved!!
and it reboots chroimium os again! twitter, facebook and g+ were all crashing earlier. n they work fine now! lol!
enna pa comedy ithu! i format the pendrive through windows n reboot my comp.
reason? can't even update the software in it.
correction. &quot;chromium&quot; os.
planning to remove this 'old' chrome OS from my pendrive.
i am missing #in50hrs again, this weekend! sigh. why do big events combine all the time?
in50hrs
yay! solved one silly problem that had been bugging me for so many days. simple DP but i had been thinking that it was much tougher.
i like this. waking up early and compensating for it in the afternoon with a nap. :) feel so fresh now.
wth! i can't even solve a minimizing knapsack problem. getting errors. hmmm.
i swear i wont play this crazily addicting game for the next 1 week! it is beginning to ruin my life.
since i am in a bad mood, i'll play for a while and then sit and study properly.
what do i do now? surrender to my addiction of playing &quot;dungeon defenders: second wave&quot; or sit and code properly?
i will never be able to look at a computer the same way again. coz everything looks so damn fuzzy! #eyepower
eyepower
my previous tweet kinda summarizes how my life is. sigh...
thanks! :)
good morning appa! topcoder match at 7.30 am. that's why. :)
woke up early at home, at last!
my headache might be due to that #IdiotKapilSibal.
IdiotKapilSibal
cooking noodles now. :)
omg!! i have 83 machine learning videos to watch! this is going to take a long long time.
i know some tv serials like dexter are supposed to be good. but no, thanks. i'd rather not waste my time on them.
how much have i lost in life due to my laziness?? more importantly, how much more will i lose? hmmm. need to change. drastically.
omg! i cant even watch a single video attentively for ten minutes! yawning continuously! :P
these videos are split into nice, small segments. just love it! now on to &quot;Cost Function - Intuition 1&quot;.
i wonder how ppl write fast. i need to relearn the act of writing.
hmmm. cost function...
been a really long time since i viewed those stanford machine learning class videos. continuing it now.
worked hard for more than an hour! long time since that happened!
just had an epiphany. what do i really want to do?
wow! where?
all i do is play games or try to write some code. hopefully everything will change in 2 weeks.
i need to learn to interact with people better. so many years of living through my comp has diminished my ppl skills.
i have become a zombie... &quot;BRAINS!! BRAINS!!&quot;
let me get back to work now.
worst part of waking up after a long sleep is feeling sleepy again.
Operation Die Barbosa successfully going on. #antipiracy
antipiracy
yes.
I know its going to be difficult w/o those free pirated songs. But I'll somehow manage.
That's it. I have decided. Not going to support piracy anymore. Going to delete all the songs that I have.
guys check out TouchPal. @kgdinesh
where r those sad songs when u want to listen to them?
the worst thing feeling is when ur life sucks n u get to know that its you, who is responsible for it.
hmmm. these school kids are from SBOA.
dear friends, first stop cheating in exams. u can then complain about corruption in the country. #dirtonyourback
dirtonyourback
nice. a lot of school children on a visit to the library. their teachers accompanying them. :-)
lol at kamal hassan's hypocrisy. :-D
wow! congrats to everyone at ur home! congrats, chithappa! :-)
TIL that AVL in AVL trees stand for Adelson-Velskii and Landis.
Yuvan Shankar Raja brays like a donkey. abaswaram max!
i am qualified to be a Radio Jockey. all i have to do is be my usual self n blabber continuously.
these lights in the library that switch on automatically when someone approaches them are #win.
win
at the same time, there are few ppl who can explain stuff superbly! and is one of them.
he wasnt even bothered to confirm whether I understood that concept or not.
just read up on a topic that one of my nerdy friends had tried explaining earlier. realized how bad he was at explaining.
Nice songs playing in the radio. :-)
awesome! at last, found some really awesome books on algos in this library! yay!
not able to view the comp properly. need to wear my glasses. finding it extremely difficult.
at Anna centenary library with parents, tweeting from my tab. :P
sigh. ended up watching dbz videos on youtube with bro.
will read that pdf on pattern matching using distributed systems. #readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
wth doesn't my twitter follower count ever reach 300? new ppl keep following me, but bots keep dropping out all the time. &amp;gt;290 for a month.
there. have planned whatever i want to do! NOW, HAVE TO EXECUTE MY PLANS!!! AAAAAAAA......... #panicmode
panicmode
got to plan! got to plan! GOT TO PLAN!!!
even during holidays, i panic!
i haven't still understood what to do for this webinar thingy.
spoj servers seem to be responding too slow today.
good morning folks. long time since i woke up this late.
this dungeon defenders second wave game on my android tab has been downloading stuff from the net for nearly a day! before it can start.
most probably going tomorrow with bro da.
never knew this! hover over the audio icon in the gnome taskbar and scroll using ur touchpad. the volume will change accordingly. naaice...
lol. #whattaman jagi.
whattaman
lol. no da. wondering how to solve a particular problem that i am facing. i solved it earlier. don't remember now.
done. http://t.co/bkNMFQJp
hmmm.
off to inox to watch tintin with bro.
rumors r tat they r selling it at a loss. they aim to make profit when ppl buy amazon stuff through it. u didn't knw that?
what no content? lol. what r u saying da?
not exactly. now ppl think amazon is the only contender to apple. samsung and asus beat the shit out of both.
lol. oh yeah. they NEED an iPad. alright.
please call!!
ppl buy an iPad bcoz they don't go to the market searching for a tablet. they want only an iPad n nothing else.
its just $199. why else do u think ppl were buying?
reviews say that there is no obvious difference in the speeds.
because its cheap da. u r talking as if other android tabs don't even have an android market.
dei, those amazon apps are android apps da! amazon didn't create those apps.
dei kindle fire runs on android da.
there is nothing professional about tabs. they are mainly for consuming multimedia. play games, watch movies.
that's exactly my point. u don't suggest ppl go buy something w/o giving an overall comparison. u r misleading them.
no. the reviewers don't give a damn about android tabs. ppl aren't aware of what's better. most sensible ppl go for android
kindle fire is no way a match for ipad2 da. and some android tabs are better than ipad2 too. i don't get u. wt u saying?
and u don't suggest someone to buy something w/o comparing to the rest of the available products.
not exactly. reviews were out long back. this is not the usual this-vs-that comparison. its buy this vs buy that.
irctc - &quot;Service Unavailable&quot;
as usual, irctc throwing up problems.
i think i'll root my phone before these hols end.
most of these blog articles about the ipad2 and kindle fire seem like paid articles to me. and they end up misleading everyone.
comparing the kindle fire with ipad 2 sounds ridiculous to me. maybe not to everyone though. there are better android tabs that beat both!!
good morning everyone! :)
lol. wait da worst fellows. i just love this waiting game! :) super build-up!
what should i do today?
its really dumb that ppl rate ipad 2 &amp;gt; kindle fire &amp;gt;&amp;gt; anything else. and that's what i call stupidity is.
never underestimate the stupidity of people.
Harvinder Singh is actually Ricky Ponting in disguise. push then, slap now.
seriously, ndtv. is a 30rd yr old guy referred to as a youth?
want to badly see a pic in which officer pike and sharad pawar are together. #macecop #pawarslap
macecop
pawarslap
chocobar! :D
time for a little codechef now.
done. replied to the 3rd person too. now to contact one important person.
second person contacted too. now for the third.
done. first person contacted. now for the second.
there. second done too. while i am doing the third, i have 3 ppl to reply to.
there. the first job is over. :) now for the second.
why twitter actually helps me: i imagine tweets to be slots and i manage my work in between them. how's that? #slottedaloha @unreachableHost
slottedaloha
hmmm. i am clocking my all time high in typeracer but the whole thing leaves me v unsatisfied. off to those 3 things now.
hmmm. 3 things to finish in the next half an hour. but before that, typeracer!
realized that twitter actually helps me manage things.
after so many days, nay, months, i have never felt so inspired to get back to coding!
for 7 days out of the past 9 days, I've been waking up at 4. tomo also same. #exhausted
exhausted
its really good da. the tablet experience. i wouldn't be able to compare tablets, but this is realy good!
wow! this tablet experience is outrageously good!!
got into bus at last!
wow! 21g! ...going in the other direction.
waiting for 21g now...
nasty auto driver. kalaaichutarama! po po.
I expected jayalalitha to have replaced these bed bugs in tnstc buses as they were present during the dmk regime too.
&quot;tambaram tambaram!&quot; ok ok mr.conductor, I am awake now. been awake almost the whole night.
I wonder why I should pay so much for a seat when they can't even keep it free of bed bugs.
why is my phone battery draining like crazy???
some things happen. some things don't. life is one strange game.
the bigger ur plans are, the harder they collapse.
those idiots at facebook seem to have deleted my account!
will be off twitter for the next one week. so then. ta ta. bye for now. #exams
exams
Good morning twitter! :)
haven't studied this sincerely in years! feels nostalgic.
will stop studying for the day, spend time on twitter for a while, and then go to sleep.
noooooooooooooooooo!!!
#machanIf there is 'parsi'ng, then why isn't there any hinduing, musliming or christianing? #runsaway
machanIf
runsaway
but with the state of my stomach in recovery mode, i dare not try anything ambitious!
hungry! right time to go munch on something perhaps?
there it is. one of the &quot;jayalalitha extra-special&quot; powercuts to her loyal citizens. :/
how will you verify that it is allowed in the court? don't want you to get into trouble.
love your tweets. please keep us updated.
oooh. its analysis and synthesis phase. and not synthesis and optimization phase as i thought earlier.
and there'll be a powercut in 10 min. darn.
operation: dist-comp. duration: next 2.5 days. resource: brain. target: these ebooks. will i succeed? let's go! BHARATH MATHA KI JAI!
thanks! :)
the best part is, i wouldn't have bought a tab if i knew earlier that i wud get selected. now i'm selected and i have bought the tab too! :D
my belief in God just shot up to a new maximum! :D
woohoo! selected for the next icpc round. :)
it is during powercuts like these that i wish that i had my galaxy tab 750 with me. can study from it anywhere.
cha. i have begun to complain a lot. who's to blame? not me. :P
anirudh24seven
first, flipkart sent me a faulty tab. then icpc amritapuri ppl haven't called r team. &amp; nw i realize that LFY hasn't shipped my t-shirt yet.
receiving poor service from different organizations for no particular reason. :(
three cheers for @flipkart! they delivered the replacement galaxy tab 750 today! but i'd have to wait for 2 weeks to use it though...
although the tab is in good condition, one of the samsung seals were broken again. but the other seal kept the casing closed.
i got news that the replacement Galaxy Tab 750 arrived today and its in good condition. thank you. :)
my tip was published in the Tips and Tricks section last month but I was never contacted for the T-shirt. Can u look into it?
as always, i would suggest vim. but u might have to install a few plugins too, to make it more convenient.
need a break!
wow! twitter introduces something new after a long time. Activity! :)
omg! big news! teams from r coll ranked behind us r getting calls from acm amritapuri ppl. y haven't we got any, yet? wil v even get a call?
there. cleaned my room. washed my face. prayed for a while. lit an agarbathi. gonna start studying now. :)
should stop trying to go to sleep and start studying
wth! i shouldn't feel sleepy now!! what's wrong with me??
twitter and reddit don't prevent me from studying. they prevent me from dozing off.
even though I didn't get my tab, had a jolly, happy weekend at home. :) was worth it.
are funny tweets on juniors allowed? :D :P ;)
how have u prepared for compiler lab exam da?
i faced the same problem too. but strangely, when u go to d market and lookup google+, it shows an update option. updating nw.
damn. everything going totally the wrong way.
which also means that i've nothing else to do but just shut up and study
so, although they were v nice and immediately ordered a replacement, it still means that my plan to get it by this weekend failed.
just went and saw in my flipkart account that they had placed an order for the replacement. dunno when i'll get it though. mostly tue/wed.
had a perfectly bad day.
1 of ur executives said tat a replacement would be shipped tonight &amp; i'll get a mail regarding it. haven't got it yet. status plz?
they understood that i had a genuine problem and agreed to ship it by tonight itself, even though it is a difficult procedure! wow!
omg! service is truly awesome! they have agreed to ship it by tonight itself! brilliant!!
i can take pics of the screen of the tab that i received and send it across if you want. if that will help in any way...
why? why does this happen to me???
next 2 days hols as well. so, i surely can't get my tab before leaving home. and i'll be back only on the 23rd. which is upsetting... :(
kinda heartening to realize that their customer service is good. but some mistake somewhere and i'm the one affected by it. :(
they were kinda surprised that the seal within the flipkart packaging was broken. i am surprised too! some1 has packaged a bad box.
got another call from flipkart. they have agreed to look into the issue. but not possible to get a replacement by today. :(
i dont wanna take this with me now da. its not a new order. its a replacement na. need to give this back to get a new one.
bad bad day...
that means that i wouldn't be able to use it until my sem exams get over and my hols begin! need not have come back home this weekend. :(
have contacted customer service who duly apologized and agreed to replace it. but wouldn't get a replacement until tuesday. :(
and the tablet's screen has a few marks on it too! never expected such a poor service from @flipkart!
ouch!! after hours of waiting, i get a galaxy tab 750 box with broken seals from @flipkart! shocked!!
not yet. the chennai flipkart facility has received mine a few minutes back, though. courtesy: track ur shipment feature.
32k in flipkart.
i think interviewstreet. @kgdinesh
galaxy tab 750 (10.1)
back home :)
signs of tiredness creeping in
meanwhile, iris is still up n running. :P #siridown
siridown
mokka pasanga. they complain abt the coll n claim that they want to leave it asap n now they talk abt senti feelings! #hypocrites
hypocrites
lol. hearing news that siri is down! :P
hope flipkart doesn't be over sincere n deliver my tab tomo itself. I don't want my bro to open it before I reach home.
ppl dont understand the meaning of a choice. u can choose to stay or leave. just dont stop others from leaving.
i don't understand when ppl complain to me when i criticize some1's views. they can have their views. so will i, about them.
soooo confused now! mind not working...
some indecent ppl opposing the new director's move citing pragyan, nittfest, symposium and senti feelings!!
new director therikka vidaraar! piri man! so many changes coming about in college!!
distributed computing, it is.
wow! a guy from just called me now to confirm my order. nice. :-)
guess, i'll go have my first proper meal of the day now.
ordered a galaxy tab 750 at last, now. :)
sigh...
hope I don't doze off now n miss my exam.
feeling feverish too. kinda scared. this shouldn't be happening.
argh! why doesnt everything happen the way it is supposed to?
didnt have breakfast or lunch today. why then is my stomach paining?
now for the 'creative' part. meh.
google doesn't seem to give a damn for users with slow internet connection.
ordering it on flipkart tomorrow. will most prolly get it by this weekend then.
got that creative writing assignment to complete now.
the first thing i'll do after getting my galaxy tab 750 would be to test the wordpress app n start working on it!
same here
i m writing an assignment with the help of the light from my lappy because of powercut. somebody give me a medal please.
woke up from an extremely long nap. which means that i've got to start on assignments now.
there. much better now after wearing my glasses.
having more problems with eyesight. guess i need to start wearing my specs more regularly now.
seri. washed those clothes now. what do i do next?
am so absent minded. forgot to dry those clothes that i had soaked yesterday morning! they stink now! :(
hope u know about the oil slick problem with so many galaxy tab 10.1 models globally. what abt the ones available at flipkart?
twitter on opera turbo mode keeps getting reloaded again and again, making it nearly unusable! i wonder why.
now that galaxy tab 10.1 is in line for ICS update, i'm surely gonna get one within a week!
hi. wouldn't it be a long time before Asus Transformer 2 (Prime) launches in india? what will the tentative pricing be?
what u doing da? i m v bored.
as rightly said, i feel a myriad of emotions every instant.
it is mildly surprising to note that we came extremely close to solving one more problem in both contests.
no no. just realized that i had stopped coding for myself &amp; was just trying to win contests. gonna change tat attitude. :)
dei dei. i am talking about coding/programming da!
?
lol. that's the source. but that isn't the reason. :)
ah. inner peace at last! :)
the next few hours will determine my actions for the next few months.
sigh...
my spider senior surath (ex-presi) got placed in google today! :)
i didn't miss anything important today, right?
Immortals of Meluha was a worthy read.
got a lot of work to finish by monday. i better start today.
the nitt gtug website is up! http://t.co/ZSHtIRKA
yes da. am coming only tomorrow.
argh! just found out the mistake made in problem E of amrita icpc online round! stupid mistake in logic! @ashwinjagadeesh
well said. #ubunturage http://t.co/gpEYRX1E
ubunturage
extremely irritated. but I'm not leaving home tonight. get lost college!
damn. my class rep tells me now that there is a submission tomorrow! I hate my college!
oh. that's the only reason is it? then I surely want to bunk tomorrow.
nope. I didn't. y u leaving today then? I was thinking of bunking tomo but haven't decided.
what about compilers program? submission tomo right?
vim golf! :) http://t.co/V67merA9
when u going to college?
is it my slow internet connection or are there any problems with the #NokiaWorld live streaming website?
NokiaWorld
wth! the #nokiaWorld live webcast page says that webcast limit has been reached! i cant view anything. this is stupid.
nokiaWorld
that was one extremely long nap that I had! slept for so many hours!
and of course, happy deepavali!! :)
so tired! wont be able to stay awake even for 1 more minute! good night everyone! #exhausted
exhausted
have requested for a better url for the nitt gtug website. meanwhile, the unofficial url is: http://t.co/UPWwDerO
photos on gtug website have been uploaded. :)
i shouldn't be tired now but i am. every1 at home already gone to sleep.
working on the gtug website now. uploading the gtug kickoff photos to the site as well.
i give up. i am not going to download ubuntu 11.10 now with this slow net connection at home.
this tiwary fellow has no control over his bowling. tossing up diwali sweets for the english batsmen.
personally, i don't like unity or gnome-shell but i heard that 11.10 provides a better experience on netbooks than 11.04.
downloading ubuntu 11.10 now. planning to put it on my pendrive and test it out on my mom's netbook and show her how awesome ubuntu is. ;)
india needs a wicket. quick.
exactly!
its been a really long time since i bought some book. especially a comp sci book.
got myself a jeans pant for tomo and a few books on comp sci as well. :)
back home after shopping. :)
did that loooong ago.
oops. spent all my time on google+ now. got to start.
going to attempt a few problems related to segment trees now.
woke up at last!
I prefer g+ over fb becoz I can hv healthy discussions on technology on g+ while friends n relatives on fb think tat i'm spammin their walls
what plans for the day? :)
back home :)
happy birthday da! :-)
was made to shift to the adjacent seat with problems in my sleepy state. woke up now n politely asked him for my original seat. he agreed.
checking twitter through sms.
machi, noone in our wing n ur clothes and umbrella seemed unsafe outside. have put them in my room.
who's going to watch the new srk movie? No.One. @Laugh_Riot
don't worry. ur team itself is a joke. :P #justkidding #runsaway
justkidding
runsaway
doesn't it even cost the usual rate?
been an extremely long time since i had a decent internet connection...
thanks. i think i'll wait.
i think i should go and sleep once again now. feel as if i bumped my head against a brick wall.
2 hours of powercut over. when will the next one be?
what a dumb government! we are having 3 times more power cuts than what we used to have!
when in india?
i have been eyeing the galaxy tab 750 (10.1&quot;) for a long time now. shall i go ahead and buy it?or should i wait for an ics tablet?
power cut?? now?? why???? :(
yay! power back!
damn!! powercut! won't come back surely for an hour now. :-(
dei, i meant study for tomo's exam da. mobile computing.
time to get up and study
power went at 6 am. :-/ hope it comes back at 8.
it says that my prev tweet was through ubuntu. oh well.
what is this twitter client? gwibber? just found it in my panel bar.
disable. u can hide them. that's just abt it.
both the have the same low baritone kind of a start. :) @techrsr
1440 twitter users make an eench. :P @kgdinesh
shhh apple fan boys. its our turn now. #android
android
Tango supports video chat in android phones with just a camera at the back!
congrats!! :D
iris is awesome! for those who haven't used it, it is the equivalent of siri on iphone, for android. and it was built in just 8 hours!!
love the tune. :) #kolaveri
kolaveri
I find so many ppl around me use :wq for save and exit, instead of :x. How do I effectively convince them to use :x?
does a concept of exploiting sms's to compromise mobile phones, exist? @_iakkom
kili-tas.
Hard earned parottas
when they ask me why I got low marks, I'll point a finger and say, &quot;these buhari fellows pa. go on. arrest them.&quot;
these buhari fellows are worst, I say.
is back to my usual abnormal self. :P
dunno what to feel. :|
i want to do something about it!
am so pissed off that we might not make it!
is selection for on-site going to be the 1st team from each college and then rank-wise allocation if slots are available?
sigh.
&quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot; is an anagram of &quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot;.
.skype, viber, fring, nimbuzz, tango and so many other options. what do we go with?
.i would at least need such an app to contact u ppl w/o knocking on your doors everytime.
we need not pay these carriers if we wanna call each other.
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
dear friends w/ android, y don't we all start usin some phone-call-thru-internet app like skype, viber, etc? wud be gr8 if all of us hv it.
Opera, both desktop and mobile is built for the masses.
that was one insanely long nap that i had.
love the vishnu sahasranamam recitation by T.S.Ranganathan. awesome voice. spiritual feeling.
?
wud like to knw wthr thr hav been incidents where &amp;gt;1million ppl using GSM roaming mobiles meetin up in a location hv crashed a VLR. @_iakkom
dear iPhone 4S user, if u bought it just to be in an 'elite' crowd, u sure are arrogant.
Damn these powercuts!
gave a 2 hour talk on android at nitt-gtug kickoff event now. abt 100 ppl turned up.
nitt gtug successfully started off today!
NITT GTUG Kickoff event today. gonna give a talk on Android.
someone will fork it da. if noone does, i will.
what???????? nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
no option for gnome 2 classic?
coughing like crazy!
awesome article!
#dell
dell
websites need to provide something between actual websites and a mobile site for users like me on a slow internet connection.
in fact, i/o operations aren't natively supported by c.
many updates to Ritchie's death with a printf statement. on a different note, printf isn't natively supported by c, right? we need stdio.h.
All I can think of now, is food. Off to grab something to eat.
using free wifi from clc now.
what a stupid boring class!
couldn't go less than 303 bytes. hmmm...
i give up! i can't write the soln in &amp;lt;256 bytes.
these problems are so hard that even the editorials for them make little sense!
thanksu pa!
My tip got published in this month's lfy magazine. I remember sending it in months ago!
ah. last bench after a long time.
no water anywhere? that's insane!
voted now. :)
not feeling productive? start studying for exams. your productivity in other activities would dramatically increase.
Dart! #google
google
woke up at last!
tried the android yoga app?
What everyone is too polite to say about steve jobs. http://t.co/FF3ljxGR
it used to be. long ago, march used to be the first month of the year. jan and feb were added later. sept=7 oct=8 nov=9 dec=10
oops. thursday perhaps?
will intro to android be enough? planning to make it short and simple as all of us have CT's next week.
they expect us to conduct a kickoff session before wednesday. i think we'd be able to do it.
will tuesday be fine? We need to get permission for venue n put up posters too tomo. suggestions?
suggestions for gtug kickoff event?
Thank you for the private beta invite! http://t.co/1GPO8eU9
.is brilliant!
Am watching that recording of Dalai Lama &amp; Desmond Tutu hangout now. http://t.co/kwPhdAP9
btw, i want to know which book to study compilers from.
this might be a bit long. u can just skim through though. http://t.co/x3MIHPfi
it IS tough. but spending time with it improves your style of coding in procedural based languages.
wow! the haskell session at today's ilugc meet was awesome!
at the ilugc meeting now. was discussing abt scalable systems earlier. discussing about RoR now.
Samsung and google postponing their conference due to jobs death. Apple themselves wouldn't do such a thing.
getjar \m/
http://t.co/woaM7zL4 makes typing easier and quicker!
i think i'll attend the ilugc meet today. its been a long time...
tried SwiftKey x?
SwiftKey x is super awesome! Free on getjar!
my brother is still active on orkut!
got my gsoc t-shirt and certi now! here's my certi. http://t.co/4qc3vWF4
nice. :)
never! i say, never!
omg! woke up to the bad news now. RIP Steve Jobs. :(
why do i prefer twitter and google+ over facebook? because most of the posts on fb are not even worth looking at.
some ppl will watch any form of cricket. even something as bad as a champions league match that doesn't involve any of the teams u support.
golden rule on the internet: never argue w/ morons and noobs. oh yeah, moronic noobs too.
Gaah! Exaggeration! Y.YOU.EXIST??
if this goes any further, i am gonna start a series of guest rage comics.
my mom interrupts my 4 hour sleep and asks me to get ready to meet navarathiri guests. one more reason for me to dislike guests.
Johny English Reborn is one awesome movie! Enjoyed it with friends. :-)
exactly!
and after so many months, apple comes out with a copy of samsung galaxy s2.
nice that express avenue provides free wifi for 2 hours.
does the movie at EA plan still exist? plz keep me updated.
good morning tweeps. :-)
a third yr just now came up to me and asked authoritatively whether i was a second yr. bulbed him with the truth.
gonna reach central bus stand, trichy.
just like every centOS fan would be happy with a redhat release, i am happy that iphone5 is coming. #android
android
&quot;a faceless enemy is the most dangerous.&quot; #apple
apple
&quot;there are so many awesome open source projects online that, to simply waste one's time is a sin. go contribute!&quot;
when will google come up with an equivalent of amazon silk?
its fun to travel as long as u dont have to drag a strolley along.
#f8fefc? (tumblr's) @ferozenaina
f8fefc
gotta go have lunch but this lathangi piece by U Srinivas is holding me back. #whattaman
whattaman
can't read the text clearly though. color of fonts can be lighter. @sathya3445
be at irc://freenode/nitt from now on. we'll chat.
twidge is written in haskell. must learn haskell then.
huge weekend coming up. from tomo till sunday. #dussehraholidays
dussehraholidays
good morning folks! :)
what a day! got flamed by almost everyone!! :-/
checking out twidge once again.
this month is gonna be big. last shot at ACM ICPC.
did you check ur room number on ur door? i changed it today morning. :P
where are you?
and of course, a good amount of sleep can lead to happiness too. :P
just re-learnt one important lesson today. happiness isn't always defined by happy incidents. sometimes, peace and calm lead to happiness.
thanks to for enabling access to ~145 GB of space in my system. :)
listening to Saraswatipriya alapana. never heard this before. always feels good to listen to a new raaga.
shankarabharanam alapana by L.Subramaniam is so comforting and heavenly! :)
Radiance theme in ubuntu is really good. :)
seriously, today has been one of the worst days ever. only good part is, i kinda felt yday, that today would be bad. don't ask me why.
of course, we lost too. but again, that is usual. don't feel that i am worthy of selection. let at least others get a chance.
went to play with a team full of bowlers, never got a chance to bowl, got bowled golden duck. worst of all, i snapped n fought wd d captain.
of course, that decision has got everything to do with me, rather than anything/anyone else. #disappointed
disappointed
worst day of cricket ever! i hereby quit playing cricket at NIT Trichy.
worst monday morning ever!!
clarification: &quot;msp program&quot; meant &quot;applying for msp program&quot; in my prev tweet.
2nd step of msp program hopefully over. can concentrate on icpc preparations properly now.
at code obfuscation finals now. #shaastra
shaastra
of course, it also means that there is a lot of opportunity for the rest of mankind.
have lost hope in mankind. almost everyone wants to #timepass all the time!
timepass
but why code heavily during powercut/travel. 1 Lappy + 1 netbook seems to be a good idea.
u guys can get a netbook...
got selected for code obfuscation finals. that means i have to go back to iit-m for #shaastra today...
shaastra
thanks to for submitting my mobile computing classwork today! :)
keywords of talks that crowds are always attracted to: 1. Hacking 2.Android #lessonslearned #shaastra
lessonslearned
shaastra
insane crowd for the android dev lecture by @lut4rp!! #shaastra
shaastra
will play maybe after icpc.
at an awesome talk by arvind gupta at #shaastra. this guy: http://t.co/CfbSc97Q
shaastra
ah. this guy is showing why one compromise can bring everything down.
so, he makes a guy click a shortened url which hides a js code that steals cookies. #ok
ok
lol. this guy is phishing some random guy in an ethical hacking lecture! #shaastra
shaastra
wait! this guy is supposed to talk abt ethical hacking. sigh. these things always suck.
why cant these #shaastra ppl provide internet connection for organizers from outside?
shaastra
dumb talk on ethical hacking going on at #shaastra.
shaastra
damn! these idiots cant stop misusing the term 'hack'! #disgusted
disgusted
at iitm now. #shaastra
shaastra
back home! :)
overslept, woke up at koyambedu, caught a bus to t nagar n waitin here now! what a start to the day!
not many ppl in the setc bus that i am travelling in. #thursday
thursday
Off to central bus stand, trichy.
mokkai class. no attendance too. :-(
omg! its gururaj!
decided not to go to shaastra but stay in coll today. few unfinished businesses.
happens to me almost all the time in this slow, dumb internet connection that i have.
they should declare 10 days holidays for colleges during dussehra and navarathri. can eat sundal at home, then.
insects all over the place! so switched to a dark twitter theme.
how many of you know that NIT Trichy has its own Google Technology User Group from today? join right away! groups.google.com/group/nitt-gtug
Zynga profits dive 95%, no new games to blame http://t.co/UvgWKNcv
damn! slept for &amp;gt;4 hours!!
of course the mobile desktop twitter widget is awesome too!
GO launcher is truly awesome! love the cartoon theme on my android!
pettai rap and urvasi urvasi! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;chikku bukku chikku bukku raile!!!&quot; #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;arabikkadalorum&quot; now! :-) #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
lol. they said they'll sing a hindi song, sang one line, went to english n then tamil now! no hindi! lol. bulb! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
wth!! what is he singing?? &quot;papa is happy when the food is on the table&quot; ??? #randomsong #festember
randomsong
festember
got into barn after 1.5 hours of waiting! disgusting! #festember
festember
when leaving for barn?
tried to reverse tether my android. #fail so far.
fail
dozed off for a while...
i dont wear glasses regularly. so changed my profile pic almost everywhere.
what?
not got anything to do with padippu machi.
changed my twitter dp to another old one.
had planned to go watch/attend a few events today morning. ended up in spider labs instead...
1.2 Mbps!!
power back. off to spider labs! :)
will put the source code online of course! :) will blog about in a few hours when I come back from festember...
of course, am a final year student. so noone would depend on me. :D
supposed to help others in arranging events. boring non-tech stuff...
gotta have lunch and leave for festember soon. yawn...
spent all morning w/o breakfast to write a python script to retrieve all 50 odd topcoder algorithm tutorial articles. will blog abt it soon.
at barn hall now with friends. #festember
festember
classes over for the day. yay!
can diaspora make an impact in this world of twitter-google+-facebook?
why no article on how fb copying most of google+? would love to see one.
never underestimate a product.
its so silent that i can hear laughing for jokes in the movie that he's watching...
started on 5 drawings for assignment. :-) would have continued if not for this unscheduled powercut...
time for an haircut? yeah!!
u can set passwords for ur androidAP connection da.
bunking all morning classes today. :P
updating my google+ android app now. :)
horrible timetable for tomorrow. planning to bunk a lot.
problems with setuptools while setting up trac on remote system without internet connection http://t.co/LrjjIu3T
today's div 2 srm was kinda tough. must practise more..
:-)
when nobody is nice to you, there is nothing you can do, but just move on. #thathuvam
thathuvam
what can be worse than bad teachers? bad classmates.
11 points increase. ok. i'll take it. at least it has increased...
hmmm. should have started the 900 point problem earlier. seemed easy. wasted too much time on the 600 point problem. its okay. #topcoder
topcoder
reserve your username at http://gkl.st/2 here is mine http://t.co/JrFB79xL
tc srm 519 in an hour...
hard work pays! yeah!!
they tell me that there is no curd rice after billing me for it! eating lemon rice now. sigh...
learnt something new now. hopefully the first good thing that has happened to me so far, today.
yes!! yes yes yes! understood at last!
ouch. my back aches now.
i wish something good would happen now...
just what i wanted. google search provides results from a few social networks. http://t.co/j4yxzE4D
a bright, wonderful monday morning! looking forward to an exciting week! :)
Damn. My gprs has begun to cost me now. Wth is  happening? Stupid airtel!
had weird dreams. strangely, i think i had similar dreams years ago. good morning tweeps.
opinions change with experience. #thathuvam
thathuvam
'Best apps' is one of the best apps out there on the android market. a must try for android users.
when will i ever learn to not talk to strangers?
facebook is for braggarts. twitter is for chatterboxes. but there is a bit of both inside every one of us.
windows. open?? oh. u dont mean the OS. let me go back to what i was doing...
cant sms. :-( at least can tweet...
rameshwaram exp
piri man da nee. :-)
and rameshwaram exp has started. got my ticket checked now, too.
and that leaves 4 rupees as balance. strangely costing me 1 rupee per sms, now. cant sms any1 too. cha.
oh. lol. thought u saw me.
yep. am wearing a grey t shirt.
wth! my current gprs plan is different from my original gprs plan. so 60 bucks detected from balance now. :-(
in one of those nice coaches with power sockets all over the place. :-)
windows 8?
uninstallation done.
i'm going to say goodbye to this macbuntu theme and return to good ol' ubuntu's 'Ambiance' theme.
y u so scared? @viveksundarm
YEAHHHH!!!!!! my ubuntu is back! triple booting ubuntu 11.04, windows 7 and windows 8 dev preview now. :)
off to the Startup Center for Mobile Monday on a Saturday. #MoMo
MoMo
damn! i cant even use a computer without my glasses! everything seems more blurred w/o them.
what is happening? seeing more icons on my start menu now. #w8dp
w8dp
good morning tweeps. back home safely. :)
lol.
lol. he started the conversation first!
lol. was talking abt android to some random stranger in the town bus to trichy. felt good.
good to see new, clean seat covers on this setc bus. :-)
i want my ubuntu back! missing it already :'( @_iakkom
nice. :-) how abt putting it on wikileaks?
nee verumna paathundu thaan iruppa. @_iakkom
wait. how is that apps are closing now in windows 8 dp, if i press alt+F4? this wasn't working yday.
feeling much better after that deep sleep... :)
one guy is calling wipro, infosys, cts and tcs as the &quot;venerable big four&quot;!!
haha. true. not comfortable on desktops/laptops. i was comparing its start menu with older versions of windows. :-)
must've listened to mankatha theme song &amp;gt;30 times since afternoon. too good. thanks to @_iakkom.
like my mob's new screen guard. :-)
haha! 2 of my batchmates professing their love to each other over facebook!
windows 8 might not be the most comfortable or customizable OS that i have ever seen, but it surely one of the best! damn intuitive!
loving windows 8 developer preview on a fast internet connection. :)
is on a photo walk around the campus with a 5mp camera. :-P
sure! :-)
first tweet from Tweet:)
after 2 hours of chaotic comedy with @viswanathgs, and finally @_iakkom, got windows 8 dev preview workin on my lappy. :-)
HURRAY!! downloaded windows 8 developer preview. was so tensed that the sha1 checksums might not match! they did! yay!!
its at 99% now!! :)
I hereby declare war!! on my laziness!!
been a long time since i felt this pathetic!! :|
if I buy the galaxy tab 750 from your website, how do I avail that vodafone plan?
i really must start solving these 1000 point problems!! not even attempting them... :(
i think i'll go to spider labs now n put windows 8 on download. will be having lunch at vasantham n will come to class from there.
ya. its huge! i dunno whether 3 hours would be sufficient to download it with the internet speed over there...
not yet. it just released a while ago. will do it today. lots of great feedback abt it. tempted to bunk web class today. :-P
lol. smell of books for e-books! :D http://t.co/mq7E7x2
ah. i think i'll replace that third partition in my system containing fedora 15 now, with windows 8 developer preview.
damn. just when i was abt to order an android tablet, they release windows 8. looks very promising, i must say! #build
build
i just love this metro UI!
i was beginnin to wonder why i wanted an android tab. jus remembered that it was because i wanted to optimize wordpress for android tablets!
good morning tweeps. feeling great in the morning after a long time. had a good night's sleep. :-)
for once i am glad that my room is warm..
shipped my gsoc code to google today. yay!
make way for minus! http://t.co/oHavlbe
OUCH! http://t.co/cFPC8eA
whew. just confirmed that today is the soft deadline.
Awesome news abt delicious  http://t.co/Qdr9nv8
i dont want to go to the only theory class of today. boo hoo. #boring
boring
no revolutionary news in tech for the past few days. #boring
boring
there is a huge difference between teasing among friends and slander on a public forum.
it need not even be written by the same person. multiple ppl using hashtags, maybe?
no. u didnt get me. a series of tweets that make up a short story.
readin abt data mining. i dont want all info. just want necessary info tht i need frm this book. i.e.data mine this book on data mining.
how about using twitter as a medium to write/narrate short stories? there would be live feedback as well. @kgdinesh
every raagam/song sounds good if the singer sings it that way.
bouli is awesome. kalpana swarams in it are even more awewome.
me thinks tht me will take a break from swype and use the samsung soft-keyboard in landscape mode instead...
This book on How Children Learn Language by William O'Grady is just awesome!
and advised me not to have too much of this kesari. I should've listened.
ah. I think I would have to use my laptop today.
Ah. I always thought that no1 looked at this perspective for nlp. But found a book. &quot;How children learn language&quot; by william o grady. Nice.
mobile twitter is faster than twitter apps mainly because u don't see profile pics in it.
ah. almost. but not for programming purposes...
topcoder da. was talking about yday's srm.
played games on mobile, listened to the radio. came to library about an hour back. reading a few interesting stuff.
I have challenged myself not to open my laptop today. going good so far.
oh yes. I think I will learn hindi.
ah. ok.
oh. I thought the aim was to spread knowledge. cha.
I don't understand. Why aren't all academic research papers available online for free?
why is it that I wake up so late on Sundays? anyway, good morning tweeps.
i am not even attempting this 1000 point problem.
1000pt problems. Y.YOU.SO.HARD??
3 more hits and my blog will reach 6k hits. :P http://t.co/j2gXjeo
ivar apudiye police u. naanga thirudanaama. i need to 'accept' facts aam. ensuring that justice is served via facebook.
lol at he doubts my credibility.
Onaan inside spider labs. Lol.
where did you buy? how much?
The quickest and most reliable way of accessing twitter on my android is the mobile website.
The English cricket team would love the name of the next version of Android. #jellybean
jellybean
time to begin. #coding
coding
lol. thu.
do indians still watch cricket??
been receiving a lotta visits on my blog for the past few days. naice...
u disgusting ppl. one placed in an electrical company and another a EEE student...
i increase the entropy of the universe by adding unknown but interesting ppl into my &quot;Random&quot; circle on google+.
wait. i've been spending so much time on google+ that i haven't even noticed twitter for a while now...
summa verupethifying. :P
yay!
awesome da!
I can either continue to laze around in my room like this or go to Spider labs and work properly. I choose the latter.
70467 in racing moto! muhahaha! beat that, @_iakkom!
&quot;yethi yethi&quot; on radio now. brings back first year memories...
Heading to trichy with comp sci classmates for treat.
Yay! Installed Paper Camera for free from getjar! It IS as awesome as everyone claim it to be!
i think my twitter page looks better now :) #allwhite
allwhite
listening and singing along to &quot;mazhai varudhu mazhai varudhu&quot; on infinite loop. wingmates feeling...
I better stop snoozing and start rising... Good morning tweeps.
First we called him Jagadeesh. Then Jagi. And then Jag. Now, we don't call him anymore. :P  @Satish_NR
@_iakkom: when u guys leaving?
I love distributed computing but this class is boring...
I wonder how patents are granted to apple for some really silly stuff. Something v fishy...
Restore and Preserve Page State for Windows Phone 7.5 or Mango Phone http://t.co/FRJjEed /via @wordpressdotcom
is at a new low. fresh beginnings ahead... #hope
hope
either i am missing out on something or people are not listening to me...
i am still out here!
i want those qsn papers!
btw, change your username to something else da. please.
have a look. http://t.co/cUq0ksk
have u seen videos of windows phone 7 mango? it seems twitter and facebook have been integrated into it! looks good. :)
how abt creating a distro just for social purposes?
ah. doesn't seem to be tweeting. and that can mean only one thing. HE'S STUDYING!!!
specific cd or all cds? which version of ubuntu?
i got a good internet connection now. yeah!
3g connection! Y.YOU.FAIL.ME?
i think u have given me only one koshtin paper containing 40 koshtins...
hey. yeah, it was. :)
Off to creative writing 'exam' now...
I don't like these horrible tamil film songs that they play in these buses. That too this early in the morning!
some of my friends are scared/irritated that unknown people add them on google+. and they do have twitter acccounts! #hypocrites #fb
hypocrites
fb
mobile computing is pretty interesting...
i asked how ur preparation is, da.
Am at chennai occ now. Looking at some very interesting startup products...
boarded train? How is ur preparation da?
ok.
just realized that vasanth's link was the ebook that u had already given to me. ma'am mentioned some other book right? wt abt that?
12 crore zeros perhaps?
.seems to be studying a lot. no tweets for quite some time now... dei, anyway u r S grade in mobile da.
lol.
Awesome experience at nerd dinner chennai today!
yep. he never attended any class though. placements...
And the second event for the day is nerd dinner chennai. am already here. might start in a short while.
I am NOT going to watch another tamil movie for a looooong time!!
i should start studying for monday's &quot;Mobile Computing&quot; exam, now. but i think i'll try to come up with a windows phone 7 app now...
and the first event for the day is mankaatha! booked tickets yday night...
good morning tweeps. :) have 2 events planned for the day...
http://t.co/eEFDD3X
good night folks. not sleepy but i think i'll play around with my mobile before going to sleep. c ya.
dear apple, go die! http://t.co/ZeN9AnS
lol! bing and google plus. http://t.co/Cbs78Qj
and oh, yeah. epic fail today. thought that 1530 UTC meant 11pm Indian time!
back home... :)
samsung launched some new products today. maybe, postponing my decision to buy the galaxy tab was an awesome decision after all...
refer my prev tweet.
Galaxy Ace - Gingerbread update http://t.co/ZCevKQj
there seems to be only post/site online that has taken notice of the galaxy ace gingerbread update in india! sad...
the world looks much better when u upgrade your android device... have a great morning everyone!
dunno what feels better. gingerbread or triple sixes by dravid...
Yes. :-)
am now running gingerbread on my ace. :)
yay! heard that gingerbread official update is available for galaxy ace in india now!! woot! @_iakkom
with toshiba, amazon and sony entering the market, the consumers stand to gain...
reason being, there aren't too many android tabs out in the market yet. more competition means better products and cheaper price.
argh! dilemma max! i think i will wait for a few months before buying the galaxy tab...
offline gmail is awesome! http://t.co/ROVS4jn
Only few hours remaining to convince me to not buy a galaxy tab 750. flipkart's offer gets over then.
Badminton, table tennis, pool and swimming with bro! Awesome experience!
google+ also supports j,k.
why isn't mangatha trending on twitter?
can never understand why some people do not allow others to dream big. #bro
bro
if i pre-order the Samsung Galaxy Tab 750 now, when will i get it?
not exactly. we've just found inner peace...
ah. that's ok. we know which coll is better... :)
the question is not &quot;will i&quot;, but &quot;when will i&quot;...
romba over! http://t.co/zG4pqSW
must start tracking time.
another reason why working on open source projects are awesome. u get to make good friends like :)
can someone invite me to quora? #quora
quora
tired. even twitter seems boring now...
Got to start studying now...
Anna becomes an icon, Irom Sharmila forgotten - India News - IBNLive http://t.co/UGKvaVD
for sms spam, smsBlocker is pretty good.
thanks! just now saw this tweet. got placed in microsoft about a month back...
apparently there's some random football match going on...
yay! can go study now!
lol. not yet. ;) :P
in fact, i was asked to upload it onto youtube.
and what's wrong with that?
my video for the microsoft student partner program: http://t.co/0FDLoQF :P
sadly, no irc client seems to be as awesome as chatzilla. makes me depend on firefox.
MUST.STOP.SINGING.ALONG! #canthelpit
canthelpit
in love with automata once again! :)
:D :P
dai! anyway, gnome2 still rocks! and echofon sucks because i'd have to use firefox.
and i just reached 2000 tweets with my prev tweet! :P
i salute medical students like who devote their time and lives to the welfare of other people! you rock!!
those students are of course, medical students!!
in midst of all this complaining, i can't help but feel amazed about a group of students. they study and they serve.
i bet some of my classmates are going through prev years kosthin papers now...
nee vera. i'd be studying for placements now, if so!
t2k is nearing... (tweet two thousand)
i wish companies that we got placed in, could just whisk us away from college right now and take us to their offices...
random songs on infinite loop...
i guess i must stop complaining and resume studying...
most of them might be studying even now. :(
it is ok with me to study, after getting placed. but i'd want to study something new. not old stuff!!
why isn't 'cycle test' trending on twitter? :|
have felt the same, over all these years... :|
can't believe that i have to study stuff that were taught 1.5 years ago! unfair! #automata
automata
of course, if i am really purchasing, it'd be only around december or later...
galaxy tabs 730 and 750, motorola xoom come with honeycomb. rumors abt toshiba coming up with a tab as well.
i did. confused over what to buy next. will give this ace to my dad if i go for nexus prime.
in fact, getting my first android, is indirectly the reason why i'm going for something next. #gsoc
gsoc
i might not buy at all too. kinda confused. might be receiving a windows phone 7 next year, to add to the confusion.
:P would be my response. #nocomments
nocomments
galaxy tab or nexus prime?? #confused
confused
huh?
RT twitter needs to make tagging not eat up the word count.
wow! the windows phone 7 emulator looks stunning. much better than the android one...
not if we dunno the answers while giving the exam...
Companies are like political parties. They can become a liability any time. Better not to talk about them at all.
on twitter? there's an @ Mentions tab below the &quot;What's happening?&quot; textbox. you can view tweets mentioning you, over there.
#ThankYouSteveJobsFor making everyone realize that every little detail on a product deserved the attention of a CEO. http://t.co/RJ7NlMb
ThankYouSteveJobsFor
realized that i've all along seen only from google's perspective. nice one. http://t.co/LL1rOSu #applevsgoogle
applevsgoogle
is now a gsocer... :)
just saw the news. awesome da! congrats! :)
awesome!!
fb - acquaintances
deadlock
today is friday. which means unlimited payasam in mess. Slurrppp!
awesome weather here at trichy!
good morning tweeps! :)
that worked! forgot to inform earlier...
that feeling u get when u realize u might have been wrong all along...
NVIDIA and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet + Tegra Zone power pack http://t.co/NY3qAtt Begin living life!
cycle tests coming up. will lower my twitter usage for the next few weeks.
check this. http://t.co/h9jXvD3
when I +1 something, do I say plus oned or plussed one?
am not gonna retweet funny/interesting tweets that might make me lose credibility. gonna +1 them instead.
&quot;Students, take your mobile out n check your IMEI number. Go on, do it.&quot; - prof in mobile computing class
just what i wanted! http://t.co/i8RmWRL @_iakkom
big news that was made while I was sleeping: Steve Jobs Resigns. hmmm... dunno how to react.
good morning tweeps! classes from 8.30 to 4 today...
didn't u just have dinner?
prof who teaches compilers keeps referring to automata all the time. and i don't remember most of it.
is planning to read automata all over again...
where art thou?
ah. yes. point taken.
i meant that this is comfortable too. so, no reason to not expect people to use it.
viewing conversations, images and videos are v comfy in the web...
got to add new photos to twitter asap!
just saw the time! gotta rush to class. dear followers, u have been saved, if u have not been bored to death already!
Who is suing who? http://t.co/RAZmfJu
Gold: Did You Know You Could Rip Apart Your Computer and Melt the Circuit Boards for Gold? - http://t.co/b9MqRZK
TIL that djvu is supposed to be pronounced as dejavu. makes more sense now...
ppl ought to realize that the 'good' guys are the bad guys and the 'bad' guys are the good guys. #random
random
if apple acquires twitter, i think i'll stop using it, as a sign of protest.
it seems i have tweeted &amp;gt;1000 tweets through the web interface. atleast one milestone reached before class, today...
ah. according to tweetstats, i tweeted more this month, than last month. and there's still a week left...
i admit defeat. i can't type too many tweets in a short span of time. i'd end up spamming people too.
and more importantly, most open source organizations have really nice ppl with whom you can interact with. #opensource
opensource
just realized that which organization you work for, doesn't matter much. whom you work with, does.
thanks! :)
i would really like if more of my friends use google+ regularly.
Hamirkalyani is an awesome raaga. #carnatic #music
carnatic
music
Android (Finally) Taking Steps Towards WebKit And&#160;Chromium via http://t.co/O7Ajxb5
and yeah. must begin studying for my cycle tests too. they start next week. secretly hope that they get postponed...
hmmm. i might have to do a video or a screencast of my gsoc project sometime soon. sounds good. will do it.
just noticed that my klout score seems to be rising quite steeply, of late...
84 tweets in 42 min?? that's 2 tweets per min. don't think i'd be able to reach 2000 tweets before morning class today...
thought that there will be a powercut at 8. nope. there isn't. yay!
Dhoni's preference: &quot;Veil, of course.&quot;
that completes one hour of trying to stay awake but dozing off. MUST.WAKE.UP!
i'd rather watch india's batting collapse, rather than see sachin score his 100th hundred in a losing cause in this shameful series.
open the innings. hit about half of the team's total. watch your mates get out. carry the bat. follow-on enforced. open the next innings.
can we see a 300+ score on the board now? plz plz.
dravid on 99...
&quot;Dravid might stay unbeaten this innings and have to come out again as an opener when India follow-on. That will require some real effort!&quot;
and gokulashtami poojai is on...
back to the old market.
microsoft does. :P
there's an app called smsBlocker on the android market that does that.
lol. hitler and hp. http://t.co/ivRSEY2
wow! just what I wanted! http://t.co/2QL7pZ4
what is that code in the background?
and why exactly am I not able to follow new people now?
and yeah, good morning folks. awesome weather at chennai...
twitter DOES need to roll out new features. improve lists, give some new designs, improve your people search, DO SOMETHING!!
Dash dot and more - Saar! Auto?: http://t.co/BRS5x9h
should write a twitter bot to find out which accounts are twitter bots.
lol. where do u search? twitter?
don't think so. they r emotionally drained after the world cup, kirsten's departure &amp; ipl. he would have taken care of tat.
really awesome! Clicking on hashtags seems to crash the app, though.
feels good to see some tweets abt myself. :P will retweet them now.
felt good to give a lightning talk at the #GTUGChn kickoff event today. :) #fb
GTUGChn
fb
that was an interesting video session with Shashank from Google. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
intro time. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
that is exactly what a service is!
and #GTUGChn kickoff has started. is delivering the keynote.
GTUGChn
why isn't any1 else tweeting about the gtug chennai kickoff event? #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
its actually &amp;gt; 150 million android activations now. :) #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
they're now playing that &quot;100 million Android activations&quot; video at #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
lol.
announcement by @ImKarthikK: #GTUGChn kickoff will start in 10 min. waiting for other enthusiasts.
GTUGChn
the first gtug chennai event is gonna start now... #GTUGChn #kickoff #fb
GTUGChn
kickoff
fb
New version of tweetdark free is much more awesome now!
Am at #GTUGChn now. With my parents. :P
GTUGChn
is it possible to get tickets for 2 people at the event? I have one and I'd be accompanying them.
any windows mobile/phone developers in India? whom can I connect with?
fake news: facebook buys palm. all social networks abuzz with 'facepalm' moments. @fakingnews
google+ completes me.
just woke up now n got to know about HP's future plans. BIG news.
good morning tweeps! have a wonderful day! :)
Conversation with Torvalds. http://t.co/GRySuUY
yikes! already 7 am! i can't stop reading these tech blogs.
not in the mood to go running now. will rather sit in room and code...
let us wait for it to dawn. we can at least see how wet the grounds are, behind our hostel. that'll give us some idea.
dunno. the ground might be wet. what shall we do?
good morning tweeps. :)
Long day...
Science: Five Little-Known Inventions From Deceased Robot Maker George C. Devol - http://t.co/4FPoXTj
haha http://t.co/uw3MDN8
even startup founders give lectures at UC Berkeley. so, my point is, becoming a prof is over-rated. i feel its not worth it.
twitter could do with a +1 button. i wouldn't want to favorite or retweet all interesting tweets.
and is awake now. can go jogging... :)
Kernel modules must have at least two functions: a &quot;start&quot; function called init_module() and an &quot;end&quot; function called cleanup_module()
ping me when u wake up. we'll go jogging.
oh, yeah. good morning tweeps. :)
Simply awesome - and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet http://t.co/Spdr4lQ. I hope I get one.
Will Google Lure Microsoft Into The Cellphone Briar&#160;Patch? via http://t.co/Qsm4feu
&#8220;Defending&#160;Android&#8221; via http://t.co/sqemUm1
something great is gonna happen today. i can sense it.
Apple&#8217;s Evidence In European Galaxy Tab Injunction Was Seriously Misleading&#8230; As In&#160;False via http://t.co/ebuFmyP
which one?
he got placed there? or is he our campus representative? @_iakkom
what is this about u and directi that i hear? @_iakkom
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE GOOGLE-MOTOROLA DEAL: Google Had To Do It--And It Could End Up Being A Disaster http://t.co/2UP6cXV
today's google doodle suddenly seems to look more like the motorola logo now...
maybe microsoft will acquire nokia now.
awesome news for google and android fans: google acquires motorola!
gonna make dosas of all varieties now... :)
eight tweets make a twyte.
what u upto, today?
good morning tweeps! :)
dad sure needs some rest now after driving for so long. as usual, i slept off during the boring parts of the journey. so, feeling fresh! :P
gosh! that trip to surutupalli was long, hot and tiring but it was fun and exciting at the same time too!
back home at last!
Off to surutapalli now.
finished gayatri japam now. :)
its my dad's bday today! happy birthday @simulation!
lol. what happened to gayatri japam? when u doing it?
its ok da. good morning! :)
i am NOT supposed to feel sleepy now after sleeping for such a long time today afternoon!! but i AM feeling sleepy...
u awake?
its goosebumps da
games on google+ are awesome!
time to rebel.
dang! slept for 4 hours again, in the morning!
happy aavani aavittam folks! just got back home after poonal changing ceremony... :)
why do i feel tired already? i must have slept for at least 3-4 hours today morning...
lol. even has a klout score of only 84.
disgusting sehwag.
u sure? i doubt it.
i just love typing nonsense on twitter!
klout is not a game, my friend.
hope to work on something related to twitter sometime soon...
dei dei. too much da! :P no football too, plz. :D
can everyone stop talking about cricket for a while? it hurts.
is any1 else having problems on facebook?
&quot;Your account is currently unavailable due to a site issue. We expect this to be resolved shortly. Please try again in a few minutes.&quot; - fb
is on a retweeting spree. if someone is following me on mobile, i'd suggest them to stop it for the next few days... :P #twitter #athome
twitter
athome
when will samsung galaxy tab 750 (10.1) be available on flipkart?
finally! the group has been created. welcome, fellow admin.
good morning tweeps! :)
got 20 min left to pack my stuff and here I am, before my comp, tweeting...
going to dosa mela at sangeetha's for dinner tonight. and then leaving for chennai. dear home, here I come!
whew! that was one hectic week at coll! glad that it has finally come to an end... almost.
windows mobile is over. i think u might be referring to windows phone...
good morning tweeps. another day nearly full of classes, coming up...
Evicted from my room by insects!! Gaah!
classes seem to be going fast. wouldn't say that about evening life...
fingers and arms screaming in pain! played mirudangam after months! feeling good. :)
The Hindu : Columns / Nirmal Shekar : Dravid deserves greater respect: http://t.co/akWrDII via @AddThis
Its important to keep ur ideas under wraps until u implement them.
this is the third continuous day that I am having a nearly-full day at college!! #eksi
eksi
planning to listen to classes from today... :)
oh. cool. asked because I got placed at Microsoft. was v curious n didn't know whom to ask. thanks anyway! :)
just wanted to clarify. Microsoft employees have the freedom to use non-Microsoft products like GNU/Linux as their OS, right?
already 11 am! gotta wash clothes b4 continuing work on #gsoc project... :(
gsoc
good morning tweeps! gotta get working. #gsoc
gsoc
wait. was the accident at sometime around 5pm in ecr road?
shit!! one of my closest childhood friends passed away today evening in a car accident!! shocked to get the news!!! :( :'(
Tired...
hi. i got to knw abt u in that html5.in conf last year at chennai where u talked abt css3. a doubt. do u work at microsoft hyd?
enjaai!
i hope that they don't chuck me out because i refuse to use the OS that they make... what am i supposed to do?
nope. forever GNU/Linux. more of an ubuntu fan actually...
damn! i never thought my twitter handle that way. i don't use windows... :P
what is windows xp?? (looks around to see if any1 else knows...)
Yawn! Good morning tweeps!
jus realized now. even the matrix had agent smith. #justsaying
justsaying
feeling depressed/angry/irritated/tired/sad?? listen to some music!
Awake at last... #goodmorning
goodmorning
feel sorry for mozilla! :( http://t.co/iOGbS46
bot from ur id to tweet greetings at regular intervals to specific people so that they don't feel that u r ignoring them. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
different forms of tweets that appear personalized to specific users. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
i believe and will have more #ideasfortwitter too.
ideasfortwitter
an AI program that tries to determine what ur mood is, from ur latest few tweets. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
a programming contest site that takes tweets as input programs for judging. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
let me a create a new hashtag on twitter and see how far it goes. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
my reaction wasn't for ur mokka. it was for getting placed in THAT company!
paappom paappom. either i won't be in THAT company or THAT company would have become the biggest champion of open source cos of me
angry that i'm being associated with something dumb. :P THEY WILL NEVER BUY MY VIEWS!! NEVER EVER!! NOOO....
my dad is live on radio at http://t.co/TNHUQix on aboorva raagangal part 2. 90.1 FM.
Fedora 7?? U must be kidding me!
congrats @_iakkom!! awesome job!
life's good when u have download speeds greater than 1.2Mbps.
wow! congrats guys! all the best for ur next round! u guys will surely get it!
ok. cool. i'll be going at 10.30. will come to room before that anyway. let me know if u change ur mind.
thanks da. my phone ran out of charge. i called her a few min back after putting it on charge. thanks anyway. :)
oh. cool. good luck with second round. :) btw, sp2hari is in garnet tonight and is leaving only tomo. coming at 10.30 to meet him?
back in room? what's ur interview status?
that's strange. i remember not being able to do an svn checkout from college...
interviews going on? good luck buddy. :) can u msg me when u r free? want to ask u something.
and the best gift on my star bday so far! commit access to the official wordpress android app! yay!! sign that i have finally grown up!
had an awesome dinner with the legendary @sp2hari!! planning to meet him again in a few hours. he is simply superb! learnt a lot from him.
Awesome star bday so far!!
Going to be the toughest exam of my life...
its disappointing days like these when I feel that I should stop watching/following cricket...
I believe that they came out with such an algo just for fun...
yep. :)
searching on google news for &quot;govind tiwari&quot; will give u a better picture...
he's a random guy who's infamous for creating the worst-looking blog one could ever create...
feels good to view a bit of nature whenever I look up away from my laptop. http://yfrog.com/h0tu9wgj
RT now just gonna wait for #basha to trend on twitter :)
basha
thanks to for gifting me these awesome headphones...
feels that headphones around one's neck look cooler than over one's head...
no. observed that i'm putting on weight. would love to start running long distances...
Integrating is tougher than developing stand alone parts of a program.
Must start running.
According to tweetstats, is the second highest person whom I have replied to, via twitter. The first is his old twitter handle...
Creativity is the father of Invention.
my situation is worse... :( couldn't go even though I had a ticket...
&quot;Lie! Run! Hide!&quot; Ya. Ok, right.
exactly.
There'll be a day when companies expect candidates to write program solutions in less than 140 characters...
lol. I wanted to say that first. But changed my mind later. :P Btw, did u just say 'apt'? I expected 'yum' from u...
someone with a rhyming nickname. where the nickname's first 3 letters are &quot;kay&quot;... ;) :P
I hereby christen my room as &quot;Anirudh's Laboratory&quot;.
did they just buy me and my views? no. they didn't. i still stand by what I've said...
Ayo kadavule! Some student next to me putting scene after first round. Irritating!!
vaazhkaikke machan...
Moral of the story: being good feels good.
When will I ever see a linux system being projected on the screen for these kind of presentations?
The organizing fellows from my coll r here. They're checking d sound system with some random music that sounds like a harmonica...
When was the last time that I arrived first at some place? This feels good...
No. I am not taking part in non-technical activities anymore...
what a lousy performance! :( #tc #srm
tc
srm
at ilab with @gklsndr...
awake at last...
That was another boring class. Relieved that I need not attend anymore for the day...
Sadly, I am so pazham that i'm scared to bunk classes...
WHAT.A.BORING.CLASS!!
TIL that Eric Schmidt was the co-author of LEX!
wow! awesome article da! thanks for sharing.
thank u! :)
thanks da. :)
didn't like it. expected more...
Disappointed with deivathirumagal...
Deivathirumagal with family now.
i think its karaharapriya da...
awesome bday gift! thanks!! :)
Had an awesome evening at bessie with parents!
ipl DOES improve cricket relations b/w countries. couldn't have expected pk n kp congratulate each other at the end of yday, if not for ipl.
now listening to Neevanti Daivamu Shadanana - Bhairavi raagam by Malladi Bros...
just realized that my typing speed has improved considerably over the past few weeks. touch typing finally seems to have paid off.
want inspiration? here it is... (in case u already haven't read it) :P http://t.co/kRKrCo1
oh. just realized that i have classes from 10.30 today. read it as 1.30 yday...
good morning tweeps. hope to have a better day today.
Shocked to know that google labs will be shut down!
That completes 2 boring classes for the day. Hope the next one is better...
Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me. #launch http://t.co/NlcH2PR via @vizualizeme
launch
only google can have white backgrounds, is it? i'll have a white background for my twitter profile too! (...pukes in the background later)
gnome3 is the worst thing that ever happened to fedora...
hmmm... how is twitter working properly on chromium - fedora 15 now?
i knew what today's google doodle was about, before clicking on it! that's because i was a bio student in 11th and 12th... :)
lol... http://t.co/lw3qzWg
@ home away from home... #spiderlab
spiderlab
Dear professor, if u r gonna teach us how to use the web, y dont u teach us how to brush our teeth, how to eat, etc as well?
I keep half-expecting the sites I write on my notebook, to automatically get converted into hyperlinks. @kgdinesh
yeah. official gingerbread update has been released! is it available in india? will have to check now...
so, now i am supposed to update my video card drivers and reinstall the adt plugin?? surely, this is a joke, right?
damn! i shouldn't have update my adt plugin...
enough of studying for the day...
where art thou?
back in college machis!
Nice. This compartment actually has got 2 plug sockets for every 8 seats, for charging laptops and mobile phones. and they actually work!
back home after shopping for clothes for bday. :)
god! still so sleepy...
lazy sunday afternoon...
:D just kidding
wait. I am an executive member of Amruthavarshini right? does it mean this? http://t.co/fX5PIoL
u should maybe try the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Load from snapshot&quot; options...
yay! android app is free from ads from the latest version! way to go!
last day of summer hols 2011. what do i do today? hmmm...
Tendulkar seems to have a long list of people who have got him out as their first wicket.
wow! thanks!
2 out of 3 electives? i think i'll drop kunwar....
hai! jolly! can timepass in daaktar's class...
hotot new UI doesn't appeal to me
experiencing awesome download speeds today!
is awake once again...
why am i suddenly having a download speed &amp;gt; 2Mbps ?? how come?
or break jagi's phone. u'll feel better. @ashwinjagadeesh
time to step on the gas pedal!
just realized that my phone's earphones are more comfy and provide a better effect than the normal earphones i lost a few days back...
am all the more motivated to work now! keep the cash flowing, guys... :P
passed midterms. :) congratulations to all other gsoc students who passed!
got a congratulatory mail now! thanks. :)
hey. sorry to bother you. just want to confirm. all procedures for midterm phase have been done from both our sides, right?
almost there...
font size? :P
at least commentary on cricinfo?
needs a chrome addon to convert all those hindi statements typed in english on facebook, to actual english statements. #cantunderstandathing
cantunderstandathing
i see many ppl use that da. was reminded by @ashwinjagadeesh's statement...
y do some ppl type &quot;come on&quot; as &quot;common&quot; ?? doesn't it mean something else?
gnome3 is worse than unity. u dont make me happy when i'm not able to customize u... :(
Nice post about Sammy. http://t.co/DBDI10B
thank u! thank u!
Iphone? Nope. My android. #customizability http://yfrog.com/klkitp
customizability
past 14 hours = 3 hours of sleep + 11 hours of coding!! whew!!
machi...  nee gethu da!
can't restrain myself from saying &quot;MUHAHAHA&quot; after writing some really nice code...
If I had been a twitter addict, I would've tweeted abt the minor road accident I witnessed outside my window jus now. But I'm not, u see...
first, i made my ubuntu look like a mac. now, my android looks like an iphone! :D #customizability
customizability
not yet. will try soon.
Reached home. Yay!
ya. Realized that. Wish the bar was thinner. The whole thing looks awesome anyway!
good luck! :D
Hope someone comes out with a lighter theme too, of tweetdeck...
Could do without that white bar between tweets though. #tweetdark
tweetdark
Wow! Tweetdark is awesome! Exactly what I wanted.
nice dp :-)
yep :-)
thanks. :)
Strange. Not getting sms for twitter replies...
we're on our way...
reached home?
market link for the app? Can't find it through mobile.
wru guys?
I think i'll have brunch today.
wru guys now?
Chanderpaul century! #whattaman
whattaman
who holds what positions in amruthavarshini for this year?
so what's the news from coll? what do we take with us?
do i integrate twitter with google+? nah, i don't think so. at least not yet.
working during weekends gives a nice feeling... :)
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! &amp;lt;pause&amp;gt; noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!
:D :P
oops! meant &quot;3rd year hols&quot; in my prev tweet...
wait. even if i return home in a few days, is today the last day of my 3rd sem hols?
thanks to my mentor's dvorak keyboard, i had an awesome voice chat with him today! :P
night out dhaan today! never have been so excited about my project, now that i've completely understood everything that is reqd!
just realized the power of discussing things thru skype over discussing the same thing thru irc channels!
don't think so...
i forgot. i got some amruthavarshini post right? :P what was it?
for those who use w3schools: http://t.co/WnerSoI
as usual. cheapness. http://t.co/KVcHEmW
in fact, its my backup mentor whom i'm interacting with, for the past few days. he has lived a few months in india! :D he knows. :)
both my mentors r v cool. they don't mind all this. but i feel ashamed to tell them how pathetic our country is....
lol. not him da...
ashamed to tell my mentor that i couldn't come online because of the power cut here in TN! WHERE IS MY CONTINUOUS POWER SUPPLY, CM??
yay! power back at last.... can now get back to work!
Worst day of hols ever! Think its a 9-5 power cut! all work stalled...
bleddy mosquitoes, y u stab me?
Androinica &#187; Android Market website ratings: a week of rants, reviews, and reality checks: http://t.co/Oq6aXK6 via @AddThis
elders say that only studies soru podum. i am hungry right now. what am i supposed to study?
omg! is truly awesome!! u might love it too!
3 maidens in a row! http://t.co/HsgpERL
u don't need to have a comp. how abt a mobile app? would be great to receive more of ur tweets...
AAAAAND... &amp;chbh=a does the trick! thanks to my mentor for pointing out how stats are implemented in the ios app! :)
and the new honda city arrived today! congrats @simulation!!
i want to make rage comics on some of my coll mates...
its not even 12 hours since i woke up but the day seems long... must be because i am working...
what is Kieswetter doing?? allow Cook to score a century!!
come on cook! get that century!!
cook seems to be playing his best odi innings ever!!
so, facebook decides to ask users to download an exe file for video chat?? that doesn't work even under wine for me... facebook is fail.
How to Sell Like Steve Jobs http://t.co/9Bcs9q5 via @copyblogger
sure! leaving to coll on sunday.
cool. thanks! :)
considering free anti-virus s/w for mom's netbook. ur suggestion? is avast still good?
love the background music too! http://t.co/U0cFiNf
have always loved these wafers...
yep. most of my work would finish by next week anyway...
cleaning up my inbox. setting up new filters b4 i leave to college...
some ppl don't use the reply button in twitter. wonder why...
am back on twitter!
rain!!
suddenly, life seems good...
taking up the job of fixing the algorithmist website and updating stuff, as my responsibility. does any1 want to join?
Facebook to launch its own country to take on Google Plus: http://t.co/IK5oKtB
Twitter Is Obscenely Profitable http://t.co/TphfLb5
ada paavingala! chennai not available as an option yet... cha.
wait. was the &quot;Add my location&quot; option available earlier for chennai tweeters? nice...
awesome! http://t.co/ofaUAYT
IBM develops 'instantaneous' memory, 100x faster than flash http://t.co/pamLr0v via @engadget
lol http://t.co/vJaVu0W
some prob with my android virtual devices. they crashed &amp; had to be force closed. seems a few of them were running in the bground...
omg! i just now realized why my lappy was heating up like a furnace...
my thought process, instead of &quot;oh! map is a hash! oh! dictionary is a hash too!&quot;, is &quot;oh! map is a dictionary!&quot;. i learnt python b4 c++ stl
what happened?
if u post that u'd need just one mark to pass, a sadist teacher would 'like' it, while a nice teacher would +1 it. #googleplusvsfb #mokka
googleplusvsfb
mokka
oh. i don't think the it'll get released officially before aug 30. that's when my project officially ends.
dei! the wordpress app has been in the market for a loooong time. i am working on it to 'improve' it...
Manmohan Singh laughs out loud at Ranbir Kapoor&#8217;s DoCoMo joke: http://t.co/yoUBap8
wait. Google! U r supposed to inform me when I get access to Google+!! Not wait for me to find out on my own...
I still can't figure out where my code exceeds the time limit!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh....... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!! TLE!
i'd dump facebook for google plus any day! now, if only someone would send me an invite...
gave off 2 of my shirts which i had outgrown, to my maid servant for her son. been quite some time since i last did that. feels good. :)
when u feel bad for having committed a mistake but dunno whom to apologize to, append #sorryshaktiman to ur tweet... :P
sorryshaktiman
omg! a c++ program has been waiting for input in my terminal, since morning. noticed only now. #sorryshaktiman
sorryshaktiman
I think it is during the evening only. Anyway, not adyar. Mandaveli today.
grand sweets dhonnai! \m/
must be due to that coldact that i refused to take but was finally forced to...
waking up after nearly 14 hours of sleep...
century only now. :( but better late than never...
darn headache!!
If life provided me an auto-complete option, i'll tab my way through final year of college...
oh. hostel fees by 20th july is it? I was worried that it might be 20th june or something like that...
I have no idea about date. I remember seeing some notice in hostel about payment of fees. What was that about?
when should we pay college fees? Is the date over or something? I remember seeing some notice...
ppl start thinking only when they shed their ego...
whatay sleep that was!
what's worse than lazy noobs? conceited lazy noobs!!
TIL what the DRY priniciple is...
hai! nice new youtube... :)
write code - check. write report - check. commit code - not authorized to commit!! u kidding me??
report submitted! can go to sleep peacefully now... :)
just realized something. u'd have to enable the snapshot feature while creating the avd...
hic... i must somehow stop these hiccups. hic...
linux
oh. i use only froyo... never knew abt gingerbread...
best to use the avd manager as u r doing. when u create one, and click &quot;Start...&quot;, u'lll see the options. saw in some blog.
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
googling about this problem would help u better...
have u heard abt sukumar prasad? he used to play carnatic music on guitar. no news of him for years. trying to find him...
it'll take time to close too. the next time when u launch the avd, remove the save to snapshot option as it is set the 1st time
it is usually slow the first time. b4 starting the avd, set the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Launch from snapshot&quot; in avd manager
...and i hate eclipse too...
i HATE my AVD's...
there is more to this code than that meets the eye...
had a gut feeling that it will rain today. so it does! awesome!
argh! everything is so complicated!! life is full of dilemmas...
a mistake that i keep repeating is that i give preference to clean, reusable code even when time is running out.
lol. mishra seems to be the highest scorer after dravid in this innings. well played.
dravid top-edges bishoo to give mid-on a simple catch. that's the end of a v fine century and the indian innings...
dravid six!! u don't see that v often...
nice innings from mishra. sharma on strike now.
ouch! sammy tempts mishra with a loose delivery outside off. mishra simply cuts it, only for third man to collect the catch easily.
Facebook Connect Updated | Codechef: http://blog.codechef.com/2011/06/23/facebook-connect-updated/
and just when i was thinking that rampaul wasn't leaking runs, mishra hits him for 2 consecutive audacious fours!
50 run partnership between dravid and mishra now!
i just love ravi rampaul's bowling! makes the batsman earn every run...
yay!! dravid century!! awkward shot but still an awesome innings...
dravid nudges the last ball of the over to third-man to take a single. moves on to 99.
with a leg glance to mid-on, dravid takes a single to move on to 98 now...
dravid on 97 now...
why would i want to sleep during the night when an india test series gives me company?
wow!!
even my parents find the weather here in Chennai to be horrible. and by that, I mean that I am not fussing.
ah. it is v cool and pleasant in Chennai during night time... WITH THOSE AC's SWITCHED ON, OF COURSE!!!
oops! was referring to a wrong file now. names of files should differ by more than just one character...
i feel that dark themes appeal more to me than the light ones...
after a few weeks, i think i can say that fedora 15 with gnome 3 is worse than ubuntu 11.04 with unity...
that was one long nap! don't even remember at what time I dozed off b4 the comp...
what is the quickest way to invoke nautilus? i think Alt+F2-&amp;gt;.-&amp;gt;Enter
one koshtin. was symbian really bad?
feeling really comfortable about twitter only now . cos of twidge...
I am using twidge to tweet about it! lol. https://github.com/jgoerzen/twidge/wiki nice.
system slows down drastically while running firefox 5 on ubuntu...
no auto-complete in firefox 5 too! disappointed...
netbooks are just perfect! but mom doesn't allow me to install ubuntu in hers... :P
then go for a netbook! simple. :P
lol. according to me, laptops can't be replaced b4 2020.
ah! voice! the form of input i dislike the most. i'd look like a chatterbox while tweeting, won't be able to do personal stuff, etc
its difficult to hold tablets and type at full speed at the same time... it might not be as convenient as laptops.
i wouldn't want to use a desktop while sitting on the bed, sofa or anywhere outdoors. that's why laptops originated, right?
so, if tablets are going to be docked and worked with, using a manual keyboard, i'll still call it a laptop.
nothing beats the convenience of a manual keyboard and a screen which u don't have to hold, for long usage.
i thought u meant bigger size for convenient usage...
what is the difference between an oversized mobile phone that shrinks and a normal mobile phone?
what?? u say there'll be oversized mobile phones and they'll shrink. we already have them!
will an oversized mobile phone even fit in our pockets?/
by 2020?
lol. I am already on it for a long time. In fact, even my parents use dropbox...
why suddenly now? isn't Dropbox old and famous?
can i know how u built it? there isn't any for chrome yet.
usb consumes less power. power consumption for phone 2g&amp;lt;3g&amp;lt;wifi&amp;lt;wifi hotspot, i think.
sad fact is, it doesn't matter much, even if i do get hit by a bus... :P
stupid me. i have all along connected my android phone to comp thru usb to use the internet. just realized the portable hotspot feature now.
wow! just now realized that the spoj rank tracker on firefox was done by you!
TIL I learnt what Bus Factor is...
going through my project history on its blog now...
Kasab offers to share the menu card for long term jail inmates, with kanimozhi... #fakenews
fakenews
Awesome 3g speeds all of a sudden!
most of ur followers seem to be bots or unknown ppl, y r u even tweeting?? aale illaadhe kadaikku tea aatharaiya? :P
my bro is still a twitter noob. i think i'll troll him... :P
celebrating special days like father's day isn't about showing ur love on that day. it is to remind how u have to be always...
every day when I wake up, I search online news for the official release of gingerbread for my samsung galaxy ace...
which phone?
the ind vs eng test series promises to be awesome!
ian bell has always been underrated... awesome series for him!
rm -rf /* ?
my bro's on twitter finally. he registered long back but never tweeted. irony is, his name is his twitter handle: @adithya
AOL Hell: An AOL Content Slave Speaks Out &#171; News http://t.co/MxlXJcE via @thefastertimes
good morning tweeps! that was one hectic week. hoping to have a nice weekend...
i sure have earned my weekend this time!!
very difficult to code when mood out...
its split into 500, 2250 and 2250. 500 now.
yikes! seems citi accounts are being hacked and some gsoc students have lost their money! thankfully, i still have mine! headin to atm now!!
http://yfrog.com/kjf8pkj windows... the real world is beyond.
I think i'll try my hands on photography soon...
my first purchase on flipkart...
which version? what's the problem?
Like the tweetdeck post widget on my home screen...
yeah. fb groups r awesome. I meant that fb apps hv a huge impact. not huge hit.
I get silly stuff on my news feed from some of them. need to go block them. they think everyone is so eager to knw wt they're upto
buzz includes gmail contacts. fb provides apps. and tht is a HUGE thing. but on fb, wtvr I post goes to ALL my friends n relatives
interesting stuff like videos and links. I want to find old friends n mantain contact. Not follow whatever they're upto.
Posting what u r upto right now,on fb feels like bragging,to me. I wud've followed u on twitter,if I hd been remotely interested in all tat
Why does tweetdeck show user details only in portrait view?
personally would like chrome browser to replace the android default browser on phones
i feel that the biggest competitor to chrome os or chrome browser on phones will be google itself, through android
I dunno which looks better: ubuntu 11.04 with macbuntu theme, fedora 15 with gnome 3, windows 7 or the chromium os i'm using right now...
nope
why don't u have a proper twitter dp yet?
don't ever to do a &quot;note to self&quot; on twitter. do a instead.
upgraded chrome to 12.0.742.100. hopefully i can play flash videos better now.
i have ALWAYS felt that chrome is better than firefox. i meant that shifting to firefox from chrome is almost impossible for me.
i will think of permanently switching over to firefox only if the address bar autocompletes what i'm typing.
lol. now it seems unfair, is it? http://t.co/SdiJnS3
no da. i really meant it. heading over to stackoverflow.com...
post ur queries at http://t.co/yyIRXXV :P
On a more serious note, I better get back to work.
Come on twitter! Give me more useless information for me waste time on.
feel like puking at windows start menu search. not working for months and no easy solution to it.
my twitter password has been changed to ******** (its hashed. so my original password might not have the same number of letters.) :P
yep. http://t.co/Q2Zndei
lol. what happened after that?
really wish that the next version of firefox autocompleted my url just like chrome...
why didn't headlines today do an extensive coverage about the issue before he died? plz take it up atleast now.
just a few more seconds for kate to get installed on windows...
what's their reason?
does searching on wikipedia help?
framework in what sense?
expected more from safari. not up to the mark...
this worked. http://t.co/kzhXIw0 just modified the solution in the first reply and it worked without a hitch.
recovered my Windows 7 at last, after a partial night-out!! Yay!! Triple booting Ubuntu 11.04, Fedora 15 and Windows 7 now!
Congrats!!
those guys are straining themselves to dig the road. they just don't realize that pouring something equivalent to rainwater will do the job.
http://yfrog.com/kf1lkaj suspicious looking men digging up the road in the middle of the night, outside my home. traffic sign put up though
i know it has awesome specs but not an absolute must for coll goers like us. there'll be somethin btr when we start working.
of course, i meant that galaxy ace is awesome enough for me in my previous tweet...
galaxy s2 seems worth it only if u have a deep pocket. it is almost double the price of my galaxy ace which is awesome enough for me.
thanks anyway. i have been without windows for quite a few months. would be prefer a completely risk-free approach to recover.
yes. but no official upgrades for it in india yet. http://t.co/6Kz3VEy
have kinda heard abt it. of course, i replaced fedora's grub to ubuntu's grub2.
u got an iphone or are u in a showroom? how is the native twitter app?
i have no idea! :P i never spent time understanding what all that meant. just wanted to have the latest distro! :P
Why I love and hate having a smartphone - The Oatmeal http://t.co/cJNlrTW via @Oatmeal
lol. &quot;might&quot;? that makes me a bit scared to try...
Help required. How do I recover Windows 7 after Ubuntu and Fedora install? Exact problem here: http://t.co/uDyU6TF
go outside and close the door. :P :D
is this the end of scheduled powercuts?
i have started loving my project much much more, all of a sudden!! dunno why exactly though...
i rarely use torrents...
Setting up Kate snippets http://wp.me/pP4hy-2B
i think it means playing only for pride. there is not much else to win, once the series is lost.
am all set for a heavy nap this afternoon. slept late, woke up early. perfect.
awesome profile pic!
have u tried freecharge.in? i think its good. works fine for me everytime.
searching for &quot;macbuntu 11.04&quot; on google shows my blog as the 3rd option and searching for &quot;macbuntu on ubuntu 11.04&quot; shows it as the first!
I'm at Anna Centenary Library (Kotturpuram, Chennai) http://4sq.com/ljWKEL
exactly!
? so?
where old woodlands drive-in was. near gemini flyover. parents say it is near stella maries coll.
yep
Semmozhi poonga is okay... Not awesome or anything.
aaathaaaa!! naa pass aaaayiten!!!
lol. jus saw the account. Ippo enna panna pora?
I shifted to chrome the next day. :P Echofon is the best for ff. Love the side pane option.
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 3 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2p
wanted to watch Alice in Wonderland since a long time back. found it in bro's lappy today. sweet.
lol. no. its going to be Alice in Wonderland...
mood out. need something to distract myself...
exactly...
learning to play the guitar with the help of today's google doodle is the in-thing now...
after 3 days of breaking my head over a bug, i show my code to my mentor. he points it out in a few seconds...
pains with/without glasses. finding it difficult to adjust to it.
please headache.leave me alone,
sick or slick?
Maaveeran in tamil...
it hurts whatever power u have. u must be knowing that. been without glasses for almost a week now. strain.
Power back after 310 minutes...
4 hours 15 minutes now. Even college was better...
Alwarpet.
3 hours and 15 minutes without power now...
2 hours and 15 minutes. still no signs of power coming back...
maybe a leg count of 44,000
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 2 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2g
enough blogging for the day. planning to come up with more tomorrow. till then, good night tweeps.
Still don't believe me? http://wp.me/pP4hy-2f
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 1 http://wp.me/pP4hy-26
I remember the first time I came upon svn. I couldn't figure out what exactly it was, for quite a few days... :P
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 0: http://wp.me/pP4hy-24
ya. -0.5 in left eye. headache for the past few days...
gotta wear glasses from tomorrow... :(
Macbuntu in Ubuntu 11.04 http://wp.me/pP4hy-1V
is my excessive sleeping due to my current eye prob or has it become a habit or is it just laziness? can any of my medical friends clarify?
it used to be one hour earlier...
gah! that 2 hour powercut was irritating!
one more #kde application that I love: Basket!!
kde
back on twitter. nothing can stop me now.
Sad that almost everyone seems to support either one of the two sides, both without any credibility. #babavscong
babavscong
I don't trust any baba or godman.
Manmohan Singh needs a magic wand. U r not a street magician. U r the pm. Shows that u yourself r either inept or corrupt. Disgusting!
Tiwary evades the questions posed to him and runs away...
Dei, tiwary, answer those qsns by Jethmalani now!
and the week starts... #mondaymorningblues
mondaymorningblues
listening to music after so many days!
chennai's weather is no different from trichy's. :(
&quot;trust-me-jayabalan&quot; or &quot;trust me, jayabalan&quot; ? :P
what happened to me??
Some kids from US are so well behaved. But most are not. #sad #fact
sad
fact
So, do I have any more of these ill-mannered brat-from-US relatives?
Just got to know that Ganesh and Kumaresh are distance relatives of mine. :-)
sitting in a random park in bangalore and working on lappy. awesome weather too...
games!! Heavy games!!
Damn! I think must wear glasses now! :(
Ouch! Came to bangalore for a marriage. it seems the bride's dad passed away yday n marriage postponed!
so, did u actually send ur 1000th tweet to me?? :P ;)
that was development da. this is programming...
ouch! so out of touch that i am struggling to solve programming problems now... :(
Dunno whether to laugh or cry - &quot;Chinese teen sells his kidney for an iPad 2 - Telegraph http://t.co/UbFgrH3 &quot;
Government releases official yoga position to remove corruption: http://t.co/exQJfyP
Why Facebook is Scared of Twitter - http://t.co/37n6bbP
hurray! my code works properly now!!
I still can't believe that some ppl still trust this govt!! minister-steals-a-telephone-exchange-loots-bsnl: http://t.co/h6jnVhy
Oracle 'donates' OpenOffice.org to Apache foundation | ZDNet UK http://t.co/vQbWdzS
my first-ever screencast! :P http://youtu.be/WiA0CGh2UkE
can u make the Twitter id in the website linked to the twitter account and clickable?
dei, dk. when u r putting up a link, don't put a full stop immediately after it. twitter recognizes it as a part of that link!
not exactly. i made it a point to change my twitter background everyday. that's all.
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;After the Rain&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
ouch! installed some random twitter background only to realize that, that site had spammed my twitter timeline too...
i live in alwarpet and it is raining here
and the rain starts! perfect weather.
woke up just now. looked up at the sky to find it absolutely dark at 4.30pm!!
Heavy lunch, warm weather, power cut, pleasant music... zzzzz...
yay! life is so much simpler now. i can code what i intended to do, now... #android
android
ah. now i realize that there is a compatibility library for older api versions, to implement fragments...
so badly want fragments and action bar to be back-ported to at least api level 8! would be so much easier to code then... #android
android
cool. jayalalitha saw me now. she must be privileged... :P
i am being plagued by something like this... https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/compiz/+bug/778490
:D RT: @Aarthi_2410: toxic dose of ur thathuvam. Am already hyperventilating :-D
not yet. all the way, flags, banners and posters standing...
think tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha would be passing through the road, where my home is, today...
when u have an opportunity to do a good deed, do it. one of them might go a long way... #thathuvam
thathuvam
good morning tweeps. this is a fine morning...
ah! very tired now. gonna sleep early and wake up early. new habit from now on.
goodbye bad habits!
had a wonderful time with every1 during grandma's 80th birthday celebration!
Grandma's 80th bday celebration! (@ Matsya Restaurant) http://4sq.com/ipH10Y
I will RT this now. :P
Grandma's 80th star bday today. Returning home from kapaleeshwarar temple now.
yes. it did. :-)
Booked tatkal tickets with my #android thru #opera with #3g. #win
android
opera
3g
win
http://yfrog.com/h0ls0dnj My new tshirt from :-)
Linus Renames 2.6.40 Kernel To Linux 3.0, Announces Release Candidate http://t.co/KOIPigt
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Garden Wallpaper&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
yay! got my first t-shirt from now! looks great!
#ubuntu11.04 - #chrome.  #fedora15 - #firefox. #android - #opera.
ubuntu11
chrome
fedora15
firefox
android
opera
#opera on android is super awesome!
opera
went on a #firefox add-on download spree! sooo many add-ons now! yay!
firefox
of course, its obvious what it is. but why the underscore?
leaning towards #firefox more than #chrome now...
firefox
chrome
RT dai y did u change ur name??
ROFL! SO TRUE!! RT: @krishashok: Back after a break. Late night snack #tambrahmrage http://bit.ly/jP9K48 by and @krishashok
tambrahmrage
Good morning tweeps.
there! it crashed again!!
u kidding? my 11.04 keeps crashing at least 5 times in a day!! dunno y.
damn! #ubuntu! stop crashing!!
ubuntu
just had a epiphany! time to set my priorities right...
think i solved my problem of forgettin #topcoder #srm's. setup #google calendar to remind me thru emails, popups and #android notifications.
topcoder
srm
google
android
how abt applying for indian citizenship? :P ;)
Back home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Home) http://4sq.com/l2YweE
I just became the mayor of Anirudh's Home on @foursquare! http://4sq.com/jeoQbu
introducing my mom to #dropbox now. :-)
dropbox
At Grandparents' Home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Grandparents' Home) http://4sq.com/keBSg6
RT @lut4rp:  I'm not &quot;on&quot; twitter. It's asynchronous. If I get a notification and the message needs a reply, I will.
the more i use twitter, the less i use facebook...
#NowPlaying Shri Maha Ganapathe by Balaji Shankar - Abhogi Raagam - Kanda Chapu Thaalam
NowPlaying
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Moonlit Meadow&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
this is more complex than i thought...
accidental power nap! :P
no dhoni for WI tour...
i always seemed to like #firefox #addons more than #chrome #extensions. the way chrome displays its extensions doesn't appeal to me...
firefox
addons
chrome
extensions
time for an haircut...
good morning tweeps! feels great to have parents back at home!!
yeah! but i keep missing almost every srm!
HATE MYSELF!! missed registering for today's #topcoder #srm today too! was watching csk bash rbc around...
topcoder
srm
any luck with ur phone? tried &quot;Wheres My Droid&quot; ?
lol. I don't think I've ever recorded a video from this phone. Never thought about it. :-P
galaxy ace s5830. Really good.
my first salary is still sleeping in my gsoc atm withdrawal card. badly want to get something BIG for my parents with my first salary...
not everyone does.
u there at #rubyconfindia?
rubyconfindia
what about Settings-&amp;gt;About phone ?
some lady complaining on a news channel that gold prices are too high for middle class ppl like her. y buy gold then?? #showoff
showoff
lol! Ha ha!
Wow! mobile.twitter.com is awesome!
meant that too under editor... :P RT: @batusaix911: or like an IDE :D
life is like a text editor. u may not like what u have, but u can always customize it to be the way u like it... #thathuvam
thathuvam
this article might convince you. http://www.androidtapp.com/wheres-my-android/
i think the default text msg is &#8220;Wheres my Droid&#8221;. u might want to be there in the location before msging.
of course, i mean installing through web. http://bit.ly/jElUjm
i am trying to say that u can install it now too, through the android market. u wouldn't have to confirm at the other end...
I'm one of the first in line for the &quot;One Page Twitter Dashboard&quot; from #TwitSprout. Join me  http://t.co/GgTLq6j via @TwitSprout
TwitSprout
seems that #mci delhi is heading towards the same scenario as that of mci chennai. good start, then becoming absolutely boring...
mci
y don't u check?
i just followed 4 guys who were tweeting about #mci delhi. my timeline is full of their tweets now... :P
mci
just when i was thinking whether my eyes were tricking me into believing that the twitter details pane was thinner... http://tnw.co/jWI2U6
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.alienmanfc6.wheresmyandroid
u can install Where is my Droid through the market place onto your phone and make it ring...
no kung fu panda tickets available in satyam for tomorrow. inox website not working properly...
i can't believe that is following me on twitter!! feel so honored...
when u r not hungry but still want to munch on something, don't go for junk food. try munching green bean sprouts instead. #healthytweets
healthytweets
lol. he won't read my tweets da. don't worry. :P
The Da Vinci Code was running on Sony Pix now. The poor direction reminded me of Sachin's poor captaincy in yday's match...
no da. am trying out new themes daily. tweeting abt them so that my followers can try them out too...
i completely forgot that i have an extra white panel for my mobile! i think i will try it out now...
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Rectangles&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps. have a great saturday!
yeah. remastered ubuntu. http://www.oslike.se/
googling about macbuntu might help. most of those sites have screenshots...
yes, it did! sadly macbuntu doesn't seem to available for ubuntu 11.04 yet. i think those guys are making it a fork of ubuntu.
and of course, for the mac experience, i was using macbuntu on my ubuntu 10.10 for a few months... :P
btw, i haven't attempted recovering Windows in my lappy. Windows7 doesn't figure in my bootloader. not interested in it either.
lol. I downloaded Chromium OS a few months back and installed it on my pendrive and tried it. :P don't use it much though...
no no. I had Eclipse in Fedora 14. Now have it in Ubuntu 11.04. overwrote Fedora 14 with 15. So, downloading Eclipse for 15...
i think i'll just download eclipse and android sdk in fedora 15 too, to be safe. will be my download for the night...
i think i'll be done with my work by tomorrow morning. gonna sleep now. gotta wake up early tomorrow.
#guake looks very nice in #fedora 15...
guake
fedora
@dorait: any tech meetups this weekend in chennai? been a long time since I attended any. dunno where exactly to find...
did u have a look at samsung galaxy ace s5830? i think it is pretty good. ~15k. worth every penny.
good night. :)
i think u were waiting for such an opportunity to tweet about, throughout the tournament! :P
has firefox plugin-finder service EVER found adobe flash plugin? i think not. #firefox4
firefox4
why are the firefox guys so keen on maintaining space for the title bar? would like it be how it is, in chrome. #firefox4
firefox4
browser is where twitter is... #echofon #firefox4
echofon
firefox4
sadly twitter.com is crashing even in chromium... #fedora15
fedora15
although i might want csk to face mi, i think rcb deserves to get into the finals, more... #ipl
ipl
frankly saying, MI must produce such a performance today, to make the world believe that it deserves to get into the finals. #ipl
ipl
sometimes, major decisions in life might be based just on small reasons... #thathuvam. like changing browsers, for example...
thathuvam
gnome3 might not be perfect, but #fedora did the right thing by moving to gnome3 if they wanted to stand upto ubuntu and compete. good job!
fedora
#gnome3 looks good. but cannot say that it is very customizable...
gnome3
that's strange! twitter.com keeps crashing in chrome fedora 15...
ani who? me?? i dont even have windows on my system since february!
100th century at Lords would be the best!!
lol. no right click almost everywhere!! #gnome3 #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
typical. firefox occupies more screen space than necessary in #gnome3. #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
fedora 15 is good. i like it. :)
tweeting from fedora 15 &quot;Lovelock&quot; live cd. gnome 3... i think i'll take it.
downloaded #fedora 15 once again! hope it works properly this time...
fedora
some #kde programs that #gnome might never be able to beat: kate, yakuake and k3b.
kde
gnome
the Jura mountains in Switzerland.
#lessinterestingbooks Bored Ultimatum
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks Harry Potter and the Bengal Prince
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks  Harry Potter and the Prisoners of Tihar
lessinterestingbooks
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Daytime Daffodil&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps!
I earned the Lone Wolf sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/kyC9ft
proteinex is the best!
RT Awesome free ebook of startup wisdom from Hiten Shah, Noah Kagan, Patrick McKenzie and others http://bit.ly/MicroConf2
Anirudh S looted a cool item at http://t.co/Y7Vo6bE 0 ago
wow! that sure would be superb!
lol. my coll's curriculum is pathetic! the teaching is worse... just passion to write code drives us forward...
sure. right now or long term? i study at nit trichy. 3rd year btech comp sci. right now working on the app... :P
yeah. working on the existing android app of wordpress...
AAAAND... ITS MY 1000TH TWEET!! 4 figures. ;) &quot;dedicate&quot; it to my amma - - the best mom in the whole world!!
some stats: 50% download of fedora 15 over. today is my mom's star bday. this is my 999th tweet. ;)
kinda yes. dunno what to plan...
dunno. parents wouldn't be at home...
would like a tweeple meetup at chennai. would be fun! any1 up for it?
thanks da. :)
the starter kit contains a pen, some documents to be read, a cute notebook and the prepaid card... #gsoc
gsoc
yay! got my google summer of code starter kit now ! :-)
wait. when did fedora 15 stable get released? @kadithya: u know?
klout is cool. i like it. @klout
just had tomato soup made my grandma! was awesome! perfect for this weather...
very cloudy here. might rain later in the day... :)
wow! awesome weather at chennai today!
good morning tweeps. will be working the whole day today...
timeline problem - Twitter Status http://t.co/tbMoSRo via @twitter
still not able to recover my timeline... what is going on??
what just happened? my timeline disappeared! #twitter
twitter
want a a csk vs mi finals this year too. after all, noone would mind losing to SRT. of course, i'd expect csk to win! #ipl #csk #whistlepodu
ipl
csk
whistlepodu
why would ravi shastri have to carry his personal computer along with him to tweet? he can always tweet from his mobile. #ipl
ipl
why should I implement a GridView? I can as well implement nested Linear Layouts if i know how many elements i'm using...  #android
android
whattacatch! #whattaman #srt
whattaman
srt
just received 2 coupons for discount of 100Rs on Inkfruit t-shirts, through freecharge. can i use both coupons on the same tshirt?
omg. just now woke up after a loooooong sleep.
ok
cycling in the evening. will check availability of movie tickets.
ya. some1 online.
hard-fought draw! feels great after being on the brink of losing...
must be greater in size or space than what's allowed...
y don't u have a proper twitter dp?
if u already haven't bought an inkfruit tee #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
if u r gonna tweet just to win free t-shirts #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
in my college, comp sci subjects are taught better in other depts like EEE and ICE. sad. and would agree...
neatly explained solution for second shortest path. http://bit.ly/mIJXwk
wow! linux using javascript! http://bellard.org/jslinux/
feel like going through topcoder algorithm tutorials now...
and how is it that i have never come upon this? it is just awesome!  http://oeis.org/
this is good. http://jlongster.com/s/dom3d/ lags a bit in my browser though...
&quot;The distance between two points on a sphere will be proportional to the chord connecting them.&quot; hmmm...
http://groups.google.com/group/algogeeks is the link. u can join the group if u r interested. (a li'l spammy though)
solution didn't exceed expectations. typical O(log n) solution only. but one nice obsvn. not considering leading zeros. so n always odd...
reading a discussion on finding whether the binary representation of a number is a palindrome or not...
ubuntu mouse pointer lag hurts... painful to see it move across slowly...
so, i guess i'll go read those mails for the next one hour... #algogeeks
algogeeks
abt 550 mails in my mailbox under the label algogeeks. been filtering and storing them for a long time without reading them properly...
is planning to go on a tweet spree soon. mobile followers, if any, please be warned...
nothing motivates me better than failure! let the coding begin...
damn! so close to submitting solution to 500 problem! #topcoder
topcoder
&quot;error: declaration of &#128;&#152;std::vector&amp;lt;coin&amp;gt; coins&#128;&#153; shadows a parameter&quot; - very helpful. thank u! #sarcasm
sarcasm
when was the last time i saw dawn??
there! this is my twitter theme for the day.
I just rated 9 Superhero Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/kEVgGy
am thinking of getting myself a t-shirt from seems good...
feel good to wake up early! especially this early!!
it feels funny when u sleep for long and wake up at the time when u usually go to sleep daily...
32 degrees C. chennai alwarpet.
some guy in my timeline retweeted stuff from microsoft about windows phone and all that... immediately unfollowed him.
lol. i AM planning to... :P
wow! that was awesome! my new cycle is very comfortable, i must say! exceeded my expectations. full 10 out of 10!
time to go cycling! :-)
almost dozed while watching tv... i dont even remember what i was watching... back to work.
RT @cricinfo_news: Anand Ramachandran on the awesomeness of Chris Gayle | Page 2 | ESPN Cricinfo http://t.co/hDMJorf
interested in learning magic tricks? watch Indrajit Murali in sri sankara channel at 1pm on weekdays. he's really good...
i'd say zaheer khan instead of bollinger or praveen kumar...
gotta resume working now...
yay! connected to the internet thru ubuntu!!
my ubuntu not connecting to my wireless connection even after multiple restarts. dunno why...
y isnt my internet connection working???
want to put the netbook at home to good use. any suggestions?
changed my twitter background after a looong time. feels fresh and different now. must remember to do it often...
to sleep or not to sleep? irritated that code isn't working. not sleepy either...
very misleadingly titled article...
Rahul Gandhi
i think u look the same even now! (tat foto)
dhoni can't do anything wrong today! de villiers goes... #ipl #csk
ipl
csk
peanut butter
t-shirt or shirt?
Get free coupons with every mobile recharge http://t.co/y7HgnEJ via @freechargein
dmk complains that Rebecca Black was responsible for their 2nd successive horrible friday. makes &quot;tgif&quot; taboo within party.
yeah! me too.
if they had been THAT brave enough, they would have surrendered on their own...
i dedicate my 900th tweet to @simulation! he's my dad and he's fun to follow on twitter...
now plz shut that stupid channel down...
news channels...
for all those who pronounce kanimozhi as kanimoli or kanimoyi, this is the way to do it. http://vocaroo.com/?media=vmXAMIUIrhbl6CGWr
i think i might move over permanently from vlc to banshee for music...
Support #Android, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/3c9veB - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
Android
twibbon
Support #WordPress, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/6HK8am - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
WordPress
twibbon
I earned the Check-in Rookie sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/llWuUm
I just rated 12 Animation Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/j5eVSr
i dont think i'll have a use for fedora anymore... installed eclipse, adt plugin and other necessary stuff in ubuntu 11.04...
I earned the Addon Adhesive sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/mkJWL2
tweetdeck, where's my droid, barcode scanner and maybe gmote too...
u can try chromed bird for tweeting. it has an url shortener within it too...
Sir, if you can click the reply button every time u reply to someone's tweet, we wud know in what context, ur tweet is in. Thanks.
A letter to Rahul Vinci (&quot;Rahul Gandhi&quot;) https://www.facebook.com/topic.php?uid=111552515531825&amp;topic=924
thank you @twitvim!! this is really awesome!
I can now tweet from vim!! Awesome!
anirudh24seven
do u mean gilly and marsh?
of course!! :)
we can get our phones upgraded from Froyo to Gingerbread. i.e. Android 2.2 to Android 2.3
of course, it'll happen only later for India...
Did u hear the news? Gingerbread Promised for Galaxy Devices by End of May http://bit.ly/m1oCOF
decided that i'll sleep throughout the morning and afternoon on weekdays and do a night-out daily. can't stand the summer heat...
for every arbit tweet that i see, i am unfollowing that person. feels good to keep my timeline clean...
yeah. saw those &quot;scenarios&quot; article on cricinfo? they haven't updated it after yday's match though...
oops! lol. yeah... even i want bangalore to lose...
he knows that no total can be small enough for gayle. smart playing... #gilly
gilly
planning to install a lot of chrome extensions...
oh. 21st of this month? will check the invitation for the exact location now. am coming...
how abt http://theme.wordpress.com/themes/clean-home/ ?
my work is related to d UI. existing app has an old style interface which is not v intuitive. trying to make it more easy to use
if u r usin twitter through twitter.com, u'll usually see &quot;# new tweets received&quot; which u'd have to click. this eliminates tat
modifying the existing wordpress android app...
cool. :)
Auto refresh twitter - Chrome Extension. u ppl might like it. http://bit.ly/eKMPnG
wow! @HowStuffWorks's android app is awesome!
9-5? which day of the week? i'm having daily power cut from 11 to 11.45...
Mini idly and masal dosai at grand sweets. :) (@ Grand Sweets) http://4sq.com/kgN4D4
maybe its an Apple-sponsored attack to make the masses believe that iPhone is indeed popular... #facebook #spam
facebook
spam
will unfollowing constitute fair play?
i judged a book by its cover and i turned out to be right ! :P
what a wonderful morning! forced myself to wake up. am all eager to visit the koturpuram library today... have a great day tweeple!
of course! very true...
they are responsible for powercuts, water shortages and bad roads. it affects everyone. that's why we vote...
now, the question is, &quot;who will become the opposition leader?&quot; gabdun or mk ?? #tnelections
tnelections
Facebook admits hiring PR firm to smear Google http://t.co/yn44TPh via @engadget
http://brooksreview.net/2011/05/ballmer/ Can anyone challenge these views?
BREAKING NEWS: Mother's day celebrated again in TN, 5 days after original Mother's day! #amma #tnelections
amma
tnelections
both the major parties promised freebies... and one is leading. is it still a snub? i think ppl still want freebies...
which constituency? mylapore?
depends on how many seats his party manages to win... :P
do u know abt mylapore? how can i find out?
lol. http://gabeswebsite.com/images/funny/wrestle.gif
not so disappointed though. got the 500 right. whew! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
read the qsn wrong for 250. thought that final configuration was given n was asked to calculate the initial config. #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
me! me! me too!RT @ashwinjagadeesh: Anyone else feeling ashamed to say rahul gandhi an indian?
gaaaah!! made a mistake in my solution! damn!! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
intermission phase now... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
if it is c++, then i think http://cplusplus.com/reference/stl/ can help u a lot...
why's that?
lol. only 15 submissions for the 1000 pt problem so far... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
i HATE youtube!!
u seem to be in a good mood. guess what i had for dinner now. :D (u'll surely love it if u try it!)
why is  http://developer.android.com/videos/index.html down? shows a 404: Not Found error!
wow!! i was just searching for the same thing!! thanks!
wikipedia did say thru twitter that there might be some problems, right?
i was all excited about google music beta and requested an invitation! only to find that the service was available only in the US... :'-(
Want to watch the keynote speech by live streaming. But leaving for a movie now. :-( #io2011
io2011
never realized that if u enclose text with * in gchat, it appears in bold. for example, *hello* will make hello appear as bold... #gchat
gchat
haha. i &quot;dedicate&quot; my 800th tweet to you with this reply!!
oh. never realized that i am already close to 800 tweets... this is easy :P
there can't be a new TR-rage... cos he's already T 'RAGE'ndar...
i think i am so getting used to working from home... :P hope that the habit doesn't continue when i get a job...
#chatzilla is my favorite irc client...  the only reason i have got firefox running on my comp, actually...
chatzilla
bad luck. my q&amp;a session with the #wordpress community has been scheduled to 10.30pm today. wud be in satyam watching Ko with family. #gsoc
wordpress
gsoc
yuvraj with ganguly now... :)
videos are always an awesome way to learn stuff.
wonders why gtug chennai doesn't have a twitter account yet...
when hasn't Microsoft tried that?
ganguly's strike rate is 0, right now... #ipl4
ipl4
want to follow all google sites on twitter? here is the link... http://www.google.com/intl/en/press/twitter-directory.html
rightly said! :)
wish twitter provided some badges... or wait! is twitter awesome because it doesn't do all that??
my thoughts exactly !! :P
machi. just noticed that you have more followers than following!! #celebrity da nee! @Satish_NR
celebrity
i think i might reach 800 tweets by today...
thanks! :)
myself, sriram, sagar sumit and nivash went through a few rounds but didn't get it. not sure about nivash...
feels that most of my college mates cannot stop bragging about their internships on facebook... grow up ppl! what say ?
Lunch over. Was good. :-)
for that he should try. We shouldn't try... :P
lol. No no. the talks on #android apps r usually awesome... #io2011
android
io2011
everyone is capable of everything. What we do determines who we are... #thathuvam
thathuvam
acquisition of skype by microsoft confirmed... :(
gotta have lunch now. will maybe tweet from my mobile then... :P
wish that the Action Bar widget was available for #android versions &amp;lt; 3.0 too...
android
the more you learn, the more you can think and come up with better ideas... #knowledge #thathuvam
knowledge
thathuvam
i haven't downloaded google chrome 11 on my fedora yet, just because i don't like the logo... :P
nice to see that you are still concerned about the indian education system. i gave up long ago...
and while you are it, you can check out the actual #io2011 website too... http://www.google.com/events/io/2011/ #google #awesome
io2011
google
awesome
going for 'ko' nightshow at satyam today... #ko
ko
what if i can't go to #io2011 ? i'll live stream it or look at it online later... :)
io2011
wonder why gmail every time seemingly seems to be loading something for a loooong time while nothing is actually loaded... #gmail
gmail
love the android app for google i/o 2011... looks awesome! http://bit.ly/knyOMt check out the screenshots! #io2011
io2011
i think i shall start tweeting...
lol at @RajivMakhni's remark that its sad tat mobile manufacturers haven't yet come up with a phone for ppl who can't use one of their hands
can u summarize what is different in this year's contest from last year? i want to know before i get into it...
u r a chennaiite if u r tweeting about #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
if u can't finish ur dinner at a restaurant, ask the waiter to 'pack' it... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
anyone living in sowcarpet is a settu... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
always quote half of ur intended price to auto drivers. they are sure to double it. #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
ah! that feeling of satisfaction when ur mom hands u cold coffee at home... #priceless
priceless
To kapaleeshwarar temple now, with family. :-)
i want an awesome reminder app for android. free app, of course. any suggestions?
it is just awesome!! my default twitter client on mobile. extremely user-friendly! #tweetdeck
tweetdeck
it would. one might never know when he'd be armed again and destroy countless lives again...
sleeeeepy... want to replace my broken ubuntu with something proper b4 going to sleep. found that 11.04 wasn't to my liking.
disappointed and disgusted with  #natty... #unity
natty
unity
counter-intuitive,unnecessarily takin up valuable screen space,flashy enuf to please all kids.congrats ubuntu! u sure have dug ur own grave.
damn! I didn't da... :-( semma flop. I didn't even meet ht ma'am as senior couldn't contact me due to some mobile problem... :-(
dravid's wicket would cheer up randiv after being slammed around by him...
@Messidk90: think its time that you learnt that its 'loser' and not 'looser'. u r gonna be a final year student soon... @Satish_NR
gotta start packing now... sigh... #boring
boring
yay! exams over! spending time on learning more vim stuff now... #vim #fun
vim
fun
guess so...
listening to Sambho Siva Sambo now...
now playing PuliUrumudhu. in the mood for loud, noisy songs now...
Damn! RT No undue sympathy to students falling short on attendance: Court http://bit.ly/km8cJm
an experienced user like u had to search for the terminal! that's just bad. #unity
unity
http://t.co/W73ex9F For those who are still fans of #ubuntu, 11.04 has been released. #unity
ubuntu
unity
I remember celebrating the release of 10.10 not long ago. I dont even feel like trying 11.04 though...
Worm horror in Subway chicken sandwich http://t.co/sVN6Wlc
Softlinks vs. Hardlinks: A Quick Explanation | Techthrob.com http://j.mp/k7iSek via @AddToAny
great to have you back on twitter !
i dont think i'd want an ipad at any point of my life. #ipad2 #india
ipad2
india
Big shoutout to all fellow hackers . Be there at 'Triggr The Mobile' on 14th May 2011, Noida #triggr @triggrin
triggr
should pause the work on my project. time to have breakfast. very hungry.
the most attractive employer in india! http://t.co/dTaPT2N5
yahoo made so many awesome web products. it started going down when it stopped innovating.
whew. power back. can start working on my project now.
hmmm. this bing desktop app is decent.
want. when will lumia 900 start shipping to other countries like india?
good morning! :)
lol. no thanks. :D
enough of twitter. finding it difficult to study.
luckily, i was advised not to go home and bring back my windows phone. would have been heavily distracted by it, now during exams.
enjoying the rain?
i wonder what is the point of studying all this if i am not able to write it in the exam within the given time. :-/
they should give extra 15 minutes in exams for slow writers like myself. :P
only solution is to listen to music from my comp. :-/
this random music from the 2nd floor of my hostel is at a perfect sound level to keep me disturbed. neither too high nor too low.
point taken. :)
news source?
going to change my approach to studying. will first finish studying the summarized version in my notes and then read the textbook. #adbms
adbms
Bayern hs bn knwn to b involved wit charitable ventures,helping other FC's in financial disarray as well as ordinary people in misery. #wiki
wiki
my support for today's match: Bayern Munich.
:D
slowly getting into knowing more about football clubs. looking out for a team to support.
And both, dropbox and skydrive allow you complete control over your files. they remain yours and yours alone.
Not to mention that Google can use all your files in whatever way they want. Google has surely become evil with its terms n conditions.
Google drive's 5GB looks stupid in the face of 25 GB offered by Microsoft skydrive.
they effectively shared the cost of the patents  and both of them can use all those patents under a licensing deal. nice.
Microsoft selling many of those AOL patents to facebook is a good move for both of them.
synset in nltk is awesome!
want a python interpreter on android. how difficult will it be to implement? hmmm...
i want to sleep. :( but no power in hostel. might have to sleep in clc itself.
i don't think i will be participating in topcoder srm's in a long time. the last 2 were hard enough to make me lose my interest.
there. another huge drop in my rating.
nope. i am no way consistent.
wow. whatte result. failed system test. :-/
there is no such thing as too much internet.
based on text mining, sentiment analysis and twitter. :)
windows phone development is good. i feel that it is easier and better than android to work with. i haven't worked with ios though.
i think that there is no point of waiting for this topcoder srm results anymore. it could take up the whole night.
moral of the story: speak up if you don't like something. u might come under heavy fire initially but u'll finally get what u want. :)
there. issue solved. classmates shifted their mokka posts to another new group. :)
will the central lecture hall complex be open for students in the mornings too? i can come here and work on my project tomo, then.
and i have been waiting for this for more than an hour now...
omg! it seems that the admins remembered to click the &quot;system test&quot; button only a few minutes ago! is this even true? #topcoder
topcoder
first they set problems that require 3 nested for loops and now they announce that system tests are slow. a link between the two, perhaps?
this is bad. system test results have not yet been updated. the situation has been like this for the past many srm's. #topcoder
topcoder
quantal quetzal??? seriously?? this is going downhill since the last 2 releases.
stupid classmates spamming all over the facebook group.
irritating classmates. jobless people.
very tough topcoder matches lately. dunno what is going on. number of solvers has decreased a lot.
at least i solved a problem. but wait, let me see whether it passes system tests.
wasted &amp;gt;45 minutes on one &quot;+k&quot; bug in a tc srm!! :(
i want a bot that listens to ur problems, gives solutions, makes u feel happy once again. why? cos most people are epic fail at such things.
could not sleep for a very long time yday night and had horrible nightmares during the one hour that I slept. #fail
fail
it is amazing to know what extent people can go to, in trying to defend their ridiculous behavior.
power cut. lol.
looking into part of speech tagging now. strongly feel that this is the most important part of my project.
In the middle of the 7th hour of a 9 hour power cut now. Did I mention that it is 40&#176;C over here?
Honeycomb was an aberration. Android tablets never deserved it. ICS is so beautiful on my tablet! Its just perfect on screens of this size.
i do agree that oracle is being a patent troll. but what google did was plain foolish mismanagement.
don't u think that google is at fault? they took something that is free for personal use but used it for commercial purposes.
conclusion: i can't make a nandroid backup on my tab until i free up a lot of space.hmmm.
my reason why i am not buying a ticket to google i/o: second week of office at microsoft &amp;gt; google i/o
even though i qualified, i am not going to buy a ticket nor do i want to go to google I/O this time. http://t.co/tQ8SQCkw
very bad day for my project, so far.
not forgetting that argument and holding on to that memory is even worse.
my view on michael clarke changed immediately after the first wi vs aus test match. that guy is one awesome captain!
and the first one on that list would be aokp, of course.
tempted to begin trying out custom ROMs on my galaxy tab 10.1 as well.
damn. almost forgot that i have a few deadlines to meet, today.
oh well. i wouldn't be spending 900$ (plus more for travel and acco) to visit google i/o anyway.
i hate these power cuts. :(
lol at the mail discussion among iit-m profs.
wow. i thought my college admin is bad. iit madras admin seems to be worse.
the problem with my studying style is that i tend to start all over from the first, every time i sit down to study.
mokka authors. talking about black holes enveloping the earth and destroying all the data in a text book.
i hope there isn't a power cut at 9.15.
3 types of storage - volatile storage, nonvolatile storage and stable storage. #adbms
adbms
i think i will study for my exam tomorrow before working on my project again.
i have ended up writing a bit of ruby code and getting to know that i might have to learn a bit of perl and snowball as well!
this is going crazy. i thought i could do my project in java, python, c++ or some other language that i already knew.
you awake? one doubt in rts portions.
How much has wb actually improved under the new cm?
Of course, I was not referring to any elder sister of mine in the previous tweet.
Bratty, immature and just plain intolerant. #didi
didi
bored of reading already. guess i'll work on my project for a while now.
reading the output returned from a twitter api call now. so much data! makes me feel wow!
the twitter api kinda returns a comedy xml though. wonder why hastags have an extra &amp;lt;text&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/text&amp;gt; tags around them. hmmm...
random powercut. :(
can retrieve 3200 tweets using my ruby code now! #relieved
relieved
tc
i thought that at least round 1c would be easier. :( this is insanely hard!
exhausted! :( but i knew that this would happen.
thanks! :)
codeacademy is easily the best place to learn coding for beginners.
very important day tomorrow. google code jam and topcoder open round 1c.
your thoughts on the newly created Microsoft Open Technologies?
Sweet in mess today for Tamil new year http://t.co/JqE1L5rV
when will my wp7 ever come? :(
always felt that people who can paint are v interesting people. good job google. more of them will be known to the world now. #artproject
artproject
wondering what this google art project is.
ok.
even feels that my room feels stuffy and hot.
I woke up now and felt just the same. http://t.co/seseHn7S #feelingthesameasameme
feelingthesameasameme
Challenge accepted.
Trying out bubbly. This is kinda cool. Listen at: http://t.co/JRxpywSC
Wow! These prickly heat powders really do work! #summerheat
summerheat
Can tweeting about studies actually help in studying? #importantkoshchin
importantkoshchin
announced where? anyone from our wing?
Lol. Coin attracted to a magnetized tester spinning crazily in front of a table fan. http://t.co/UcJaB2Pn
i am going to change.
this is crazy. power is back. what is going on?
power cut again.
so, google+ has something that looks a timeline too.
the google+ plane never took off and it has burst into flames already.
lol. what happened to the interface at google+??
muhahaha. power back.
no water in cooler. dying of thirst and dehydration!
what the hell! power cut again! i dont want to live in this stupid place!
I just love the keys on my l lappy http://t.co/OTI28Ke5
Dear fan. Y U NOOO SPIN?  http://t.co/evQJ5aOH
outrageously funny!! http://t.co/8gYmVpWG
realized that some users do not want to believe that every piece of software runs on code.
Extremely dehydrated. :(
Friends doing what they usually do http://t.co/VCarFYWf
laptop low battery. i think i'll study something from my tab now.
LOL!
using my table fan again. yay!
successful project review. :) our hard work paid off. yay!
time is 10:07 am #uselesstweet
uselesstweet
i'm impressed with the content-price ratio though. #funbook
funbook
lol. this funbook pic shows IE as an app. but the fact is, there is no IE on android! http://t.co/9gDHYEpX
realized that it is always best to be neutral towards companies, platforms and all kinds of software. #onemightneverknowhowtheychange
onemightneverknowhowtheychange
after all, project is for 6 credits (=2 subjects) and each review is like a CT. better to focus on it now.
i think i will concentrate on my project for the next 2 hours and shut down my laptop before the power cut begins.
was looking into codeplex now. i think i'll rather wait for it to gather some momentum before hopping on to it.
now that i have decided to become google-neutral, i am now moving my codes from http://t.co/VxKtMI8w to github.
ok ok. :D
summa da. Leela, ht, ssk, msb and a few other profs had a meeting. That's all.
couldn't resist taking a pic of this conversation :D http://t.co/jFtLPfne
:D
My precious http://t.co/r0FgTbGl
Random window http://t.co/xqGFj8I8
wattabottle http://t.co/dlwljqZl
'Maad'ern college http://t.co/0Pre27NO
looking into powertop now.
having green font on a black background does not make one a 'hacker'.
some secret meeting of the 'rebel' profs going on. plz note.
damn. the ideapad yoga is priced at 1900$!! that is way too costly. :(
and that of course means that i can be on twitter as well. :P
trying to download ieee papers related to sentiment analysis from college lab wifi now.
Last 1.30 class ever!
fb should have produced an instagram rival last year itself. approx 30$ per user on instagram to buy it out.
That was a great session with my project team mates! Feeling confident about my project now. :)
u submitted?
when submission? Tuesday only, right?
yes da. :(
omg!!! completely forgot!! have a huge assignment to finish!!
kalaai max! :D http://t.co/hZiwvG91
waiting for lumia 900 to start trending on twitter.
all of us suppli then. :P
there. perfectly caps a horrible day. didn't get my windows phone today. missed most of csk match. couldn't study properly. flopped tc now.
solved the 250 extremely slowly! worst performance ever. no time to finish 500. #tc
tc
sadly, i slept off and missed round 1a.
topcoder open round 1b starting in a minute.
monday morning.
oh. ok ok. thanks da. what else news? when is project review? this thursday, friday?
ok. thanks. how were the ct questions?
what to study in rts and adbms? the portions discussed on the fb group?
need help about what to study and how to study.
machi. need help about ct da.
no idea da. came back yday night.
Cleant it in spite of my mom's protests. Works without a noise now. :) yay!
For so many months, my home pc used to whine and groan so loudly! Opened it, found that there was dust accumulated on the fan.
Dad singing http://t.co/yOrcVHOS
do blog abt it da. Want to do the same.
Chuck this stupid adv dbms subject. Going to switch to rts now.
If there was something that motivated me to study, it was the fact that my friends were studying too. Now that is also gone.
When everyone else was studying, i was enjoying. Now i have to study, when everyone else enjoys.
idlis are best eaten with the help of yoursporks. i just did. :)
Ranganathan http://t.co/uci2ExoY
i frankly don't see the point in dancing. i came here for food. please stop dancing people, so that they van serve us food.
they can force me to the dance floor but they can't make me dance.
can feel the whole place resonate due to this extremely loud music!!! mavane! i am going deaf!
won a Microsoft bottle. yay!
with the new t shirt that i received http://t.co/OioOzmQI
Just posted a photo http://t.co/x9aKO6vK
at Hyderabad. for Microsoft new hires day.
Hotel Tara http://t.co/vA5n1Js7
Just posted a photo http://t.co/gShkjTtP
Just posted a photo http://t.co/NO5KTYQ2
Just posted a photo http://t.co/iHmqVbEj
First http://t.co/kz1FfgzF
instagram for android!
Hyderabad airport is beautiful!
hmmm. i might be working on visual studio. i might even get what i want, too. get to work on windows phone, perhaps?
in airport waiting for ranga.
Ct 2 over!! :D for me, at least. ;)
thanks da.
need notes for central bank da. can u take photo and upload?
Google's Apr1 pranks sound so mokkai.
why?
my class rep is an idiot.
galaxy ace.
damn! forgot about today's topcoder match and slept off in the evening! remembered only now!
apps related to carnatic music. nothing much actually.
damn. i sat down to read about text mining and ended up making a rage comic!
great that the guys at http://t.co/xp3gl9J4 replied. their reference links would be useful for my project. :)
hmmm. what do i do now?
Back to omega. But its v3 now. Blazing speed... :)
Every single fourth year boy must have come to the mess for evening snacks today!! What is happening??
Raining suddenly like a big storm here!!
Missing my phone camera. Moving to omegav3 from cm9.
totally love this!
this was just waiting to happen. regionalism on twitter.
it doesn't?? :D
got my flight tickets to attend new hires day. :) #microsoft
microsoft
and i think the best reflection of that transformation is metro.
microsoft is surely transforming.
i hope that i get a lumia 900 when i join office! :D
hmmm.
rapidminer is awesome!
not bad. i am working on my project without getting distraced by twi... OOPS!
was so happy that i was working on my project properly from today. saw that my prof had already mailed me yday asking abt my progress!
not yet. will be receiving a htc surround very shortly. most probably would be getting one when i join office too.
Nice! Windows Phone was not supposed to get LTE support  till Apollo. http://t.co/ERwI0c76
ah ha! look at this. http://t.co/FerRJQNL
this is strange. i didn't unfollow anyone recently but when i go visit a few people's profile, it says that i don't follow them anymore.
i used to loathe power cuts when i was a kid. i don't even know what term to use to describe my feelings for them now.
cyan!
Lumia 900!!
6 signs Microsoft has got its mojo&#160;back http://t.co/l7zhhKrq
reading a paper titled as &quot;Towards Linux as a Real Time Hypervisor&quot;. interesting.
Temple run is finally here on android!
or even view it on your pillow cover! :)
realized the same thing last week.
of course, i'd be getting it for free from microsoft india as part of that &quot;i unlock joy campaign&quot; for developing 4 windows phone apps.
it might not be the latest wp but am still eagerly waiting for my htc surround as it would be my first #windowsphone experience!
windowsphone
dunno da.
dunno what will be done.
ind eco only. he seems to be as lazy as me. :D
ranga. :P
at least i don't look sincere. :P
just realized that some people are not as sincere as they seem to be. #assignmentteammate
assignmentteammate
ah. the moment i close twitter, the attachment starts getting uploaded properly.
hotmail doesn't seem to be very good in handling attachments. this is so frustrating!
wow. http://t.co/Cb7U5SA1 has improved its website a little. looks more pleasant now.
Adithya from comp sci. was known as &quot;Mess&quot;.
doubtful. am a final year at NIT-T right now. got the news from my bro who was 3 years senior to me here at NITT. disturbing news.
u from NIT-T?
running ICS on my phone! can't believe it!!
finally!!
hmmm. seem to be stuck on the start screen.
wow! the starting animation rocks!!
whew. installed successfully.
60% over. system being installed right now.
flashing cm9 beta5 on my galaxy ace now. hopefully everything should go fine.
the team behind interviewstreet seems to be  doing a wonderful job! can feel interviewstreet's presence almost everywhere now!
and the best part? my rating was as low as 625 at one point of time! :D feels good now.
yay! my rating crossed 1000 in #topcoder at last!
topcoder
166th in div2. hmmm. i should have still solved that 300 pt problem correctly. not good. scope for a lot of improvement. #topcoder
topcoder
Am finally able to retrieve tweets using twitter4j. More hopeful about my project now.
true that.
damn. cant even update my twitter app settings at http://t.co/vzLIMiUm. keeps saying that Twitter is over capacity.
trying out clementine now.
hilarious! Gizmodo: &quot;we gave people an ipad 2, told them it was the new ipad and they loved it&quot; http://t.co/MPD9xhMd
http://t.co/JxN4K4pE posting your question here might help.
Intel is going to insane levels to popularize its ultrabooks! Aweome video! Social experiment, it seems. http://t.co/nVX2V0uE
both. :)
i wasn't surprised by the climax but what happens in the middle of the book.
the secret of the nagas is a good book. of course, not good as a stand-alone book but along with the immortals of meluha.
missed today's topcoder srm because the rooms were full before i could register.
Power cut in hostels. Bed bugs even in AC bus, on the way home. Rotten life.
quality of cricinfo has just plummeted.
&quot;it was destined that SRT wud get his 100th century against &amp;amp; in the country where he had equalled Gavaskar's then-record 34 Test centuries&quot;
Cheap cricinfo. I bet hey would have written &quot;it was destiny&quot; if Sachin had hit the 100th at any time in any place.
@unreachableHost
why would people unfollow anyway?
omg! I think I clicked unfollow by accident! I would never unfollow u on purpose da. sorry buddy.
hosted at http://t.co/cDSeMaLy
source code?
please don't retweet this.
trying to use twitter4j now.
lol. those guys have used the same BGM in their promo trailer as my coll guys did, for pragyan. #copy
copy
kuruksastra?? seriously, what kind of a name is that?
sure! :)
back to reading about my project.
omg. i totally forgot to let twitterverse know about my new android app. here it is. Bunk Score. https://t.co/AmqBZ5S3..
Things seem to be changing at Google. http://t.co/Z1Aw9Ey1
there. topped up using freecharge.
not from this semester.
feeling very sleepy.
lol.
its 4.30! yay! running off to mess. #thathungry
thathungry
naanga nambuvom. avanga nambuvaangalaa? :P
lol.
as a student developer, i honestly think that developing for windows phone is much easier than developing for android.
will give myself an hour to finish this app.
hmmm.
hungry. :-/
dunno. not very clear about what the msg exactly means.
dunno. not very clear about the msg exactly means.
my previous tweet is the msg i got from airtel. shortened to fit within 140 chars, of course.
Ur Twitter on USSD wil b renewed in nxt 3 days n u'll be charged Rs5 for 5 days from ur airtel mobile account. To unsubscribe, dial *515*22#
wth! has airtel decided to charge users for using twitter through sms?? 5 Rs for 5 days??
i wonder where i misplaced my data cable for my phone.
first, got to finish that bunk score app.
:)
i found most ebooks too difficult to start with. i started with those tutorials at http://t.co/LBq5LZyW.
that beard gave him that thalaivar status. #baasha
baasha
it is time i admit on twitter that i have watched #baasha only once ever in my life. thalaivare, please forgive me.
baasha
no. :(
twitter, Y U NO showing #basha as a trending tag??
basha
programming isn't just a skill. its a way of thinking.
nope. not at all.
don't worry. use the right earphones. *trollface* :D
#CLT Sitapathe by Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer
CLT
one simply doesn't wish chuck norris belated birthday wishes.
72 years ago, Chuck Norris decided to let humanity know his presence.
true.
:P
been using that list for almost a year now. :)
i don't even know why i typed the above tweet. am very jobless, i guess.
cow and dog fighting near the dustbin near the mess. visible from room.
maate maladwaja in khamas ranks as one of my favorite songs of all time.
so what shall we do about the tweetup? what shall we discuss about?
check this out. https://t.co/JF5UZBLj
will let those guys know. :P
why so? why not a different model?
hmmm. looking into twitter4j now.
i hate it when klout makes me tweet stupid things to enable me to complete quests.
According to @klout, my Klout score is 51. How influential are you? http://t.co/ZETS90eO
first step. data retrieval. get me those tweets, i say.
will get started on my project now.
still waiting for my new windows phone 7 device. hope i get it at least by the end of this month.
running ubuntu, win 7 and win 8 consumer preview successfully on my laptop now. #tripleboot
tripleboot
this Boot-Repair script suggested in the Ubuntu FAQ is amazing! recovering my ubuntu grub became a breeze after installing it.
This is new to me. Never knew that power goes at 4.30 am as well. #sleeplessnight
sleeplessnight
900 kbps. good.
so what's the plan?
great! my blog http://t.co/45cyhq7N reached 15,000 views! :)
&quot;So dude, what's the new iPad called?&quot; &quot;...&quot;
Lol. I bet no blogger or tech mag guessed this name. The new iPad, it is.
The fact that there is a bias against giving respect to female people in the Hindi language speaks volumes about the people who created it.
many bugs fixed. new features added. i heard that something like more than 100,000 changes were brought about in the code.
honest suggestion. don't join my college. we are having &amp;gt;10 hours of powercut daily from this semester.
AIR 1100. Tamilnadu state 28.
NIT Trichy.
nice. :)
21. you?
i wanted to upgrade that windows 8 developer preview in my third partition to consumer preview. forgot. will do it tomo.
@Aarthi_2410, your Klout Score is decent (I'm a 51). Check out your profile today! http://t.co/DP3WPElP
I just completed the Connect all networks quest on Join me:  http://t.co/LjHpRIDg
would've retweeted that if not for the expletive. relatives following on twitter. :D
apple innovates. samsung copies. developers make it better. consumers benefit.
in brand power? surely! :)
if people researched, they would go for the one with the better config. but they don't research.
all those depend on the trust of people on apple. they dont research about products much.
i strongly feel that companies keep releasing products. so the &quot;Best Product&quot; title shifts back n forth. natural. :)
the original tab is nothing short of disgusting. the 10.1 is really good. maybe the ipad HD will trump galaxy tab 2 10.1.
exactly my point. love for steve jobs, worshippers and fanboys of apple. remove them n its a good product. not the best.
my grandpa owns an ipad2 &amp; my cousin owns an ipad.i like android as an OS. but the lack of updates from samsung? i hate.
product brand, advertising and fan following contribute to sales. if u compare them feature by feature, d 10.1 is better.
as long as there are communities away from the control of manufacturers and google, i am happy with android. :)
i don't particularly hate apple. just that my wants aren't exactly oriented with the devices that they make. :)
one need not even root an android phone to customize the looks of the OS.
i know about jailbreaking but android, by default provides thousands of launchers and apps to substitute system apps.
i chucked that slow, laggy ROM on my android device and installed a custom ROM. better speed, battery life, etc.
it is very smooth. trust me. i love apple for its innovation. but i feel other platforms provide more control for the user.
i feel customization trumps everything else. android allows a lot of customization. iOS doesn't.
i have loved the look n feel of mac os x. but i could make my ubuntu completely look like that. #customization
customization
s2 is light in weight. some ppl like the plastic feel n some dont. the bigger screen is awesome too!
Galaxy Tab 10.1 vs ipad 2. i have used both n felt the tab 10.1 was better. it has better camera too.
brand building? Yes. But best product? no. Samsung beats apple there.
Samsung is crazy. Launching so many Android phones. No brand building at all.
Google doesn't care about users with slow internet connection. Market/Play n Google+ are perfect examples.
WHY THE HELL IS THE MOBILE VERSION OF THE HINDU WEBSITE DISPLAYING FULL PAGE POP UP ADS???
Although i don't like siegler, this article is good. RT @TechCrunch: The iPad HD Sucks* http://t.co/ZDM8wyUl by @parislemon
Wow! RT @engadget: Nokia Lumia 800 update reportedly triples battery life http://t.co/h2KrVle4
If only students spent half their time of watching movies and taking photos of themselves, in writing programs...
Realized that I tweet more during class hours than my free hours.
Google play??
remember discussing this? someone already has done this. http://t.co/Ad4E45UH
Good to hear that Congress is performing poorly everywhere. :)
and with that adapter, i am able to connect my USB keyboard to my tab and tweet, just like the last tweet and this one too! :)
how could i be so careless? found an USB adapter for my galaxy tab 750 in the box that it came with, while searching for something else now!
key lime pie sounds worse than precise pangolin! what's with the ridiculous version names everywhere??
u should see their fb profile pics. @unreachableHost
we should. but i think we dunno how to get it. just feel that some1 should point out how we go abt doing it.
whom r we against? it's not that some1 is holding on to our power n not giving it to us.
i didnt buy it. The wifi-only model was released in india today.
Slept almost the whole day n feeling very groggy now.
it's just a wifi model. yeah. sad at that price.
the asus transformer prime android tablet.
Wait. So the transformer prime in India doesn't have 3g support? That's epic fail at that price!
I think I'll sleep again. Too tired to go have lunch.
Luckily, I didn't wait for it and got a Galaxy Tab 750.
Omg! Just woke up to the news that the transformer prime is coming to India for a ridiculous price of 50k! Who will even buy that??
hey, can i join u for ind eco assignment?
So hot here in college!
No balance, no signal for internet connection, no electricity, extremely hot weather! This is horrible!
Love the ASUS padfone video. Great to see how the industry is moving.
Hindi classes at last.
When will I get to drive???
Omg! In the middle of a hilarious adventure right now!
:P RT @localteaparty: Match interestingly poised
Driving test gonna start.
thank you! :)
The day has finally come. Driving test day. :)
Yay. Am a full-fledged XDA member now. Reached 10 posts. :)
Yay. Won a TopCoder T-shirt. :)
khamas is one raagam which i'll never stop loving. reminds me of my childhood, learning music from my mother and grandmother.
power back.
LOL! @localteaparty
What a Year&#8211;XDA Portal Turns Two! http://t.co/31HYz3dE via @xdadevelopers
read your mail now. shocked to know! some of us were not organizing this year. I hope the organizers respond properly.
thought so! :D what about YOU? ;)
it is 'laugh' in tamil. :D
even the blank slides? :P
Omg. Even after being told that Gayle's slides are available online, my friend was able to point out a girl who was taking notes down!
This is unexpected. Gayle Laakman's lecture is boring.
Everyone here at #pragyan enjoying Mike Brown's video conference. @plutokiller
pragyan
Mike Brown has a fitting twitter id. @plutokiller
Wow! Narendra Nayak is ripping into Sai Baba, Amrita lady, Sri Sri Ravishankar and Baba Ramdev in #pragyan!
pragyan
all of us here in Pragyan are enjoying hearing u talk. :)
Getting to know more about the favorite person I eagerly watch on TV! @xercyn
Having a wonderful video conference with (Jeff Lieberman) at #pragyan!
pragyan
Awesome time lapse videos being shown in Pragyan!
Tweetcaster for android tablets is super-awesome!
Stupid team at info desk. Announcing wrong timings for events. #pragyan
pragyan
tweetcaster pro is my favorite!
geeklist is really awesome. must start using it properly from now on.
the way my distractions have moved. reddit-&amp;gt;twitter-&amp;gt;xda-developers.
:D
I got placed before I applied to start a GTUG. :P simply involving myself in tech stuff as much as I can. :-)
yes. in last July. thanks! :-)
finally! after nearly 7 months of waiting for that mail from Microsoft, got it today, at last! :D
heard that cm7 doesnt support ace properly.
awesome speed da.
running a custom ROM on my phone for the first time! and its the super-fast OmegaRomv2 for the Galaxy ACE! thank you @CooperROMs!
Sweet, and are giving away 4 Galaxy Nexuses and 4 Transformer Primes. Wish me luck! http://t.co/jH848zeM
the extent to which people would go to promote their college fests!! some guys are adding their fest's name to their facebook name!
wanted to ask you this for a long time. was the pragyan promo trailer your effort? brilliant da!
to think that i might be able to be calm and enjoy life after my cycle tests. this is much more hectic than i thought!
hectic day! no sleep at all. :(
i hope this doesn't turn out to be a 'taking the horse to the water' story. must wait and watch.
some random hindi actor/director who makes a fool of him on twitter. @unreachableHost
lol! :D
was planning to do it yday night in the bus, but i was so tired preparing for the cycle tests that i dozed off.
finished updating necessary stuff right now for the android dev camp of NITT GTUG chapter.
good morning tweeps! hectic day ahead!
Galaxy Tab 10.1!!
I just unlocked the &quot;Bender&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/pHiftufC
I just unlocked the &quot;Campus Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/lgaxkLkR
I just became the mayor of Mechanical department on @foursquare! http://t.co/yoXHgeAo
I just unlocked the &quot;Crunked&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/FpA0NN4Q
I just unlocked the &quot;Overshare&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/0Xnkbxdl
Trying Vlingo for twitter.
I am a noob when it comes to custom ROMs. What does the latest blogpost on cm9 actually mean? How do I compile cm9 for my galaxy tab 10.1?
I just unlocked the &quot;Super User&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/a0GV72Nh
I just became the mayor of Pearl hostel on @foursquare! http://t.co/YTRJXqLG
I just unlocked the &quot;Local&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/nV1ruwBE
I just unlocked the &quot;School Night&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/D0p4azov
Omg! What an unexpected adventure! Back home at last.
Back home. That was one of the most decent journeys I had, in a long time. #nobedbugs
nobedbugs
And the protagonist of the series surely resembles my uncle.
My favorite character from the series? The janitor!
And this scrubs series gave me a great insight into their lives! Loved it.
I wonder how medicos become who they are. They are awesome!
ac bus.
I just hope I don't get a fever.
There is only one person in this whole wide world who will never hurt u. And that's yourself.
Yay! Jadeja namakke!
This is so comfortable! Studying in college library with my tablet connected to the internet using college wifi.
I just unlocked the &quot;Bookworm&quot; badge on @foursquare! Long live print! http://t.co/H56nJVp0
I just unlocked the &quot;Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/X5lkXFJa
I'm at Mega Mess 2 w/ http://t.co/rmZl1JNR
how?
No power. No water. Waiting to get away from this place.
dei. Its not an elective for us da.
http://t.co/6LtUzhwM throwing Missing X-TransactionID header error.
Why should a comp sci engineer know about all this industrial economics nonsense??
Dear prof, is it ok if I stop writing notes n start tweeting about it instead?
Bunked the first class today to spend time writing code. :-P
And the best part was when one random student came up n told that I drove nicely.
Yay! Done. Drove from BHEL to mech dept in coll. :-)
lol. Within the college campus. Talking about these mad trichy roads now.
Should hopefully get a chance to drive on the road today. :-)
That's it. Enough working on that app for today.
My previous tweet shows how headlines can be so misleading.
Meet Bill Gates, the Man Who Changed Open Source Software | Wired Enterprise | http://t.co/9yM9sACl http://t.co/a9bUjsnA
what exactly goes in those chinese facilities: http://t.co/vPVY7ePw
apple is so disgustingly evil that they don't mind inhuman conditions of workers in china assembling apple products.
oh my god! #3wordstories
3wordstories
take care da. btw, i personally use those himalaya's septillin in case of throat infection. v effective for me.
what happened da?
from now on, i promise to make a conscious effort to not loathe anyone, fight with anyone or hold grudges against anyone.
Got a new watch n flute! Yay!
that's it. i have decided to concentrate more on my project from now on.
Indha pic badgeukku onnum korachal illai.
i wish ravi shankar sir was here on twitter.
Lol. Comedy pasanga. Spelling mistakes on such a poster.
damn. this means that i can't write android apps until i get back to college. #everythingbroken #needtoupdateeclipse
everythingbroken
needtoupdateeclipse
fletcher must go.
oh. ok ok. thanks. :)
done. :) thanks.
doubt. what is #CLT?
CLT
Back home safely, at last.
Omg! They are finally here!.bedbugs!
Phew! Got out of the traffic jam after nearly an hour!
So much traffic near the toll gate that they are sending off all vehicles w/o collecting any toll, to clear the traffic quickly!
read toi.
That news about the mad bus driver? It will henceforth be referred to as Swargate-gate.
Oooh. RT @TimMoore: Larry Page To Googlers: If You Don't Like 'Search Plus Your World,' Hit The Road (GOOG) http://t.co/Ya0dPzjH
still in the bus. :D
Changed my place once again.
doesn't seemto be.
Omg. He is sitting next to me again and is trying to start a conversation with me now!
Can't switch on gprs to risk draining out my battery completely. Only twitter SMS can keep me awake now.
One thing is sure. I won't be able to sleep with this suspicious character around.
I changed my seat back to the front. Let's see what happens now.
After a while,this guy comes n sits in a diagonally front seat. N starts glancing behind to see what I am upto.
After a while, I said that i am going back n went n sat at the back.
He came and sat down next to me when the almost all rows behind us were empty.
He took some ticket for 120 only which means he'll get down somewhere on the way to Chennai.
Fishy looking character in the bus.
As usual, my phone's battery drains at the start of my journey.
Off to Chennai. Hope to have a safe journey.
These power cuts should be banned.
Tweaking my galaxy ace to look more n more like a wp7 phone. Love it!
This industrial economics class is a waste of our time.
Glad that my teammates accepted my project idea. Hopefully everything should go on smoothly.
Glad that I rooted my phone. Removed some useless apps today.
Awesome lady's fingers in mess today!
Hmmm. I thought I'd want to take a break today. But no. I think I'll go n code now.
need something to drink. parched!
successfully submitted my 3rd and 4th wp7 app today. should wait and see whether they are certified or not.
could not upload as much details as i wanted. shortened it and submitted. too exhausted to complete it fully now.
4 over so far, 150 remaining. Need to speed up.
Here goes, the countdown begins from 154 now.
So, that's decided then. Retiring from college gully cricket as well. No proper ball, no proper rules. Too random for my liking.
After what seems like an eternity, finally got the app ready. Submitted now. Hopefully should get successfully certified.
6 left.
Should ensure I go to sleep properly in the night n not doze off abruptly, like yday.
Hmmm. &quot;Google's earnings disappoint&quot; while &quot;Microsoft's quarterly profits exceeds expectations&quot;? Sign of changing times?
More importantly, I need breakfast.
9 left. I need a break.
7 out of 18.
6 out of 18 done.
Omg! This coffee tastes terrible!! Feel like puking!
Freezing cold outside! According to trichy standards, of course.
Sigh. Finished only 5 out of 18, so far.
Off to driving class now. First day. :-)
Whew. Procedures over. Off to college now.
Waiting in rto office now. Gotta wait till 12 for power to come back, it seems.
at NIT Trichy, my college. Has never been so cold here, before.
Damn. Both, gprs balance n talktime balance out. Must top up today.
hmmm. need more ideas...
should start work on my final sem project soon.
Damn. Tubelight gone in my room.
Can't believe that its so cold here in the campus!
this just took less that &amp;lt;60 seconds. #rootinggalaxyace
rootinggalaxyace
damn! am on a 7 match losing streak. life sucks! #chess
chess
At 35th Chennai book fair now. Wondering how my mom convinced me to come here.
true. but depends on whom u watch along with.
feel like punching myself in the face!
liked ur article in Business Insider on why windows phone will be a success.
a close family friend died in a road accident. he must be only 29-30 years old. got a wife and a daughter.
a few things. voter id card, college id card, atm card and some cash.
i thought yday was terrible. today seems worse.
new day, new beginning.
One hell of a night. Tortured by bedbugs for the past few hours.
yeah. :-(
Disastrous ending to a lousy day. Got pickpocketed in local bus!!
And here it is. Carnatic Quiz app for Windows phone users. http://t.co/Cy6sv0XC
opera seems to be crashing frequently for me. need some other browser that can support slow net connections properly.
that carnatic quiz app has been successfully certified. waiting for it to become active in the windows phone marketplace.
hello twitter. am back.
Library is v nice. Best way to spend an afternoon.
brought my spectacle case to coll only to find that my spectacles aren't inside. left it at home. :(
my fate is sealed. going for two tech electives.
Damn. All the good electives are getting canceled. None of my friend seem to be taking the same choice of electives as myself, too.
ok. :)
sure. do I ask them to contact through twitter?
this summer. am placed in microsoft on-campus, actually. would be interested in an internship.
sorry. saw ur tweet only now. college re-opening tomorrow. so, leaving tonight. can i know more?
most importantly, i want to become more consistent in coding.
enough resolutions about my food intake and health. have taken a few about coding now as well.
some ppl don't deserve even a little help. because they'll stab u in the back, anyway.
Expected. Got terribly low grades in the two most randomly corrected subjects. Stupid correction.
irritated.
i don't understand. shouldn't a company that helps other companies in their hiring process follow the same hiring process??
v nice dp da! :)
too many tutorials available for developing windows phone 7 apps. finding it difficult to choose the best among them.
kutcheri buzz published a small text on my Android app in yday's issue! http://t.co/uVTqrgTo  via http://t.co/DE4Akmwl
today WILL be an eventful day for me. so, i don't think its a new year yet. i want to enjoy this day too.
i dont understand. many ppl dont seem to think that december has 31 days. #newyearwishes
newyearwishes
good morning tweeps.
not yet da. waiting for gokul.
why isn't any1 posting the actual results on facebook??
frustrating! more than 8 hours spent on this stupid thing! i give up!
something similar da. but its pretty stupid.
wth! downloaded 78.6 MB out of 100 odd and it just froze!! next download available only after half an hour.
sometimes ur best intentions are misunderstood.
damn it. cook didn't turn up today. no proper tiffin. can't go out and buy too, due to this hell of a downpour!
stupid windows! doesn't even allow me to change file permissions properly.
sutham. rooting is going to take at least 3 days with this net speed.
i think tonight will be the night when i root my phone. i think it'll take more than tonight to download the necessary files though.
+8. was worth the wait after all. :P
that means my rank is somewhere around 380. oh well.
damn! it seems i flopped my 500pt solution!
that just means i would have to stay awake for a longer time now.
&quot;System test results will be delayed. We'll try to announce them as soon as possible. We apologize for technical problems.&quot; #topcoder
topcoder
lol. this &quot;Value Pack&quot; for Gal S and Tab, 'sounds' silly, although it might be really good.
one thing is for sure. if my rating goes above 1000 today, i'll do a night out. :D
hmmm. tourist seems to be the #1 today, as of now. of course, could Petr be far behind? he's on #2 now.
will do it TRS style. announce my rank on twitter if it is decent. otherwise go to sleep silently. :P
hope i got those 2 problems right.
time for system tests! bring it on! :P
waiting for the challenge phase to start.
hmmm. just one guy submitted a solution for the 1000pt problem in my room.
8 minutes left. oh well. i give up. will learn from the editorial after the contest.
frustrating...
i can never solve these 1000pt problems until i practise more.
hmmm. the next few months will decide whether i want to keep my fb account or not.
almost forgot. topcoder match at 9.30 tonight.
Tab updated to 3.2. Naice. :-)
50% now.
49% of installation done. :-)
Downloaded 3.2 honeycomb update. Updating device now. :-)
3.2 honeycomb update available for my tab! :)
cool. got a pinterest account now. going to try it now.
Hmmm. Time to sit n learn c#.
oh nice. when is ur date of joining?
same for airtel.
Opened cricinfo, clicked live scorecard, first thing I see is: Tendulkar OUT! Lol.
so, where is ur posting? Chennai? Any extra news? Which team?
cool. connectify works perfectly. @connectifyme
tendulkar &amp; dravid: 49th partnership of 50 or more in Tests.
hussey seems to be troubling the batsmen.
hmmm. no century in this test match so far.
poda hilfenaus. not out.
lol. now i see posts ranting abt the kindle fire. lol again.
the most common reply why ppl don't adapt to a new platform: &quot;others aren't on it&quot;. #linux #g+ #wp7
linux
g
wp7
dropped thrice?
&quot;just because others do it&quot; would be the lamest reason of all time.
no. i never backed up all phone contacts to gmail da.
yeah! still haven't finished deleting contacts starting with 'A'!!
realized that i had synced my google+ contacts along with their profile images to my android phone. that explains y phone memory got full.
yay! shifted old photos from mob to comp and freed 700mb on sd card.
paruppu saadham at pathu mani pm.
dei! its super awesome da!
wow! congrats da!! kalakku!!
damn! sadly yes.
expecting a dravid, sachin and a ponting century. come on!
nice one!
does anyone else think that the galaxy y ad looks stupid? #overacting
overacting
Created my own Android app and launched it on the market. http://t.co/FZQht9QE
true. its too early.
that must be the second time today that ponting lost his balance after playing a shot.
don't u think he is struggling against those balls outside the off-stump? he might edge them any time.
if is awake at odd hours in the morning, go check ur tv. there must be an awesome cricket test series going on!
ponting plays football to keep the ball away from the stumps.
all australian batsmen struggling against bouncers.
umesh strikes again! marsh goes for a duck!
Warner gone!
Yay. Covers are off once again.
I just watched one ball! Damn! Rains.
thanks! :)
for those who missed this tweet earlier: to all carnatic music fans who own an android, i present you this. http://t.co/RaIEv4qq
I still love how dickens portrayed scrooge.
Today is christmas? Bah! Humbug.
about right time too. power cut now.
should keep improvising it.
there it is! finally on the app market. available for download. https://t.co/ldgwSGrQ
typed 100+ questions and answers for the app! fingers paining. must take a break.
i just left my seat once to drink water. must've been 5-6 hours of continuous work from today morning.
it is undeniably a mokka app as of now. but at least, the first version is ready.
have never worked this hard in my life! the first version of my app is ready. learning how to sign and upload in the market.
what a terrible start to the day!
lol. will surely get to know tomorrow then. :) good night.
ok. :) btw, i follow ur tweets regularly but do not know ur real name. can i know now? :D
great! am attending ganesh-kumaresh concert at 5.30 am tomo in panchamuga anjaneyar temple in mylapore. will be in academy at 8. :)
i would like to meet u tweeps interested in carnatic music. am one too. saw ur timeline n realized that there seem to be many of u.
u were there? i thought amrit's lec-dem was good too.
why the hell am i so inconsistent in coding?!!
ganesh-kumaresh concert in that anjaneyar temple tomo morning at 5.30! yay! i remember how wonderful it was last time!
awake at last!
so, here i am, beginning work on my final year project.
as said brilliantly by my friend, when u don't know what to do next, do the job that u will have to do for sure, anyway.
update for my rapidminer tool? u must be kidding! i downloaded it this morning!
Both lec dems were awesome today! Totally worth skipping today's srm.
Never did I know that Umayalpuram Sivaraman could be so witty while speaking!
&quot;Every rhythm has a counter rhythm.&quot; - Trichy shankaran. #ethirnadai
ethirnadai
Not because I follow the thanjavur style of playing, but I personally don't like how the palani style sounds. #mirudangam
mirudangam
had to choose between today's tc match or the lec-dem on &quot;Sri. Harishankar style of khanjira playing&quot; by Sri. Amrit. chose the latter.
i don't like it at all when more than one interesting event happens at the same time.
hmmm. realized that i might not be able to attend today's tc srm. sigh.
good morning tweeps.
del. Google for the apk file. Problem solved. :P
checking out the google currents app now.
first time i see so many of my friends talk abt something related to google+, after the first week. #schemer
schemer
check HK's fb post.
ask da.
woah! when did this release? never knew about this.
my grandma's feedback after listening to kola veri: &quot;dhanush has sung well. he has maintained shruthi properly.&quot;
i wonder why ppl like foursquare. hmmm.
back to using macbuntu.
sigh. still haven't found an driver update that fixes my touchpad on windows. i don't want to resort using a mouse.
Removed my mobile cover n been like that for the past one week. This feels much better.
sony pix must be having some deal with the producers of the Resident Evil series. daily some movie from that series.
but that is more related to ppl involved in a medical profession. i think i'll go ahead with my idea.
a brilliant idea struck me. when i googled abt it, sadly someone had beat me to it. it is this. http://t.co/3w46Sybc
this is the article that i am reading now. really well written! http://t.co/PY8Z44Xj
TIL abt docblocks. nice. :)
going to spend time today on stackoverflow.
Preparing for carnatic music quizzes now. Any suggestions?
omg! never knew that there was a windows phone camp in chennai today. could've learnt something.
RIM stopped innovating over the past few years.
brand value can't stand forever. apple regularly released new innovations over the last decade. RIM didn't.
of course, there is this ubislate thingy but it doesn't even satisfy some basic requirements.
i repeat. kindle fire isn't THE android tablet. its the poor man's tablet.
Playing the khanjira would surely improve my mirudangam playing.
Started playing the khanjira again. So much fun!
Wth! Four 29c passed but not a single 27d!
Second time I'm seeing her!
Jayalalitha in a convoy!
Maayamma ninne now.
As brilliant as ever! Trichur brothers in music academy singing awesomely!
there should be an #IdiotKiranBedi trending tag.
IdiotKiranBedi
whew. xda-developers is back.
Had an awesome day today!
wth airtel! losing money at regular intervals when i am not even using my phone! no call, sms or gprs.
wow! finishing off long pending problems on spoj at a decent rate. happening only after i began to realize that coding is fun.
accepted now. :) potuko!
lol. yeah.
remember that CSTREET problem? there is a price per unit length input parameter called p da. lol.
slept for only 4 hours, walked around for 2 hours n ppl at home are getting angry that i'm not coming along with them to a lec dem now!
Outside kapaleeshwarar temple now. Waiting for our bhajan troupe to start.
+32 :-)
that should have been a flopcoder match as i slept off in the middle of the srm. cant stay awake for even a sec more. good night tweeps.
topcoder first. twitter later.
dad askin for android phone suggestions. does tat mean tat its time to get a new one for myself n hand over the one i have right now,to dad?
bro stopped changing channels n paused on  'oda oda oda thooram puriyala' song. patti asking whether this is the kolaveri song.
lol. every1 in my family getting more and more 'youth' and 'dude-like' these days.
parents and grandparents praising will smith's acting.
omg. almost forgot. topcoder srm tonight.
some ppl are so talented that they are awesome at everything that they play around with. #amazed
amazed
just realized that an android device is more useful for creative people than nerds like me.
nice app discovered by my friend. rangoli kolam on android. https://t.co/Tpb8LTUy..
now is the time i get over my laziness and do something important!
off to music academy canteen with harimanjunathan.
student. or student at nit-t.
one of my classmate's linked-in intro reads - head of some pragyan event. is that how one introduces themselves to others? find it strange.
reminded of the da vinci code where the thatha says that everyone is entitled to hold their secrets.
RMS is the Karl Marx of the software industry.
the free software philosophy would have died if it not were for torvald's outstanding work.
but it should entirely be the choice of the programmer or the organization.
of course, software can continue to be commercially available too.
just as every1 is encouraged to do social service, every programmer must be encouraged to contribute to open source.
reading a biography on stallman. feel that the open source ideology is more like socialism.
Damn! Forgot to update my gprs pack.
Listening to Bombay sisters at music academy main hall now.
Insane crowd for t.n.krishnan's lec-dem at music academy mini hall! No place to even stand!
another useless day.
hmmm. this twitter 'discover' feature is exactly what i had in mind for my project. gotta think of a new one now.
how much ever hard i try, some things can never be done.
invading other countries, SOPA, tasering, pepper spraying. what next america?
at the end of the day, i'd rather live in a stupid country that i know than live in a stupid country that i don't know.
idiot american congressmen. they seem to be worse than our politicians.
i could also stop tweeting and start working.
i could write some wp7 apps. might help understanding a few unknown stuff. #c#
c
i could build write a few android apps. or spend time on improving the wordpress android app too.
i could start my btech final project. got to read more papers abt data mining tweets, as my proj is related to it! ;)
i could start my preparation for code jam. spoj, codechef and topcoder beckon.
now that there is no answer to &quot;what should i do?&quot;, its time to answer &quot;what can i do?&quot;.
i want to attend a few lecture demonstrations in the morning today.
wouldn't mind if BB is replaced by wp in the 3rd spot.
glad that the trip went without any problems. whew!
back home at last! :)
Cool. Update for my galaxy tab 10.1.
full freedom. v encouraging.
wow! my prof is super cool! :)
Stupid powercut. Need to stay in the dark for the next 45 min or leave. I'll stay.
damn. just wait for a few months n u get a smartphone with similar features but for half the price. #galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
Stupid powercut!
At kulithalai station now. Which means trichy junction is next. :-)
Whew! Reached station safely, one hour before my train departs.
Yay! Signal, at last!
signal at least now!
Reached munnar safely.
thanks to twitter, I am able to update my close ones with what I am doing.
hope to have a safe trip.
luckily, abhishek bachchan doesn't see my tweets.
r we going to kochi or directly to munnar? no idea.
the bus starts at last.
typical. arbit stranger sitting next to me in bus.
yeppa, please start our bus. Unbearably hot in here.
That same feeling after I wrote jee n after I got placed. &quot;What do I do from now on?&quot;
and finally, the big day is here. acm icpc amritapuri regionals 2011 contest in a few hours. #amicpc
amicpc
off to the beach, at last, after so much waiting. #amicpc
amicpc
all tweets tagged with #amicpc being displayed here. hmmm.
amicpc
Registering for munnar trip now. #amicpc
amicpc
Practice contest n lunch done. :) #amicpc
amicpc
not with battery life. but with battery sensors, yes.
At kayankulam at last.
nice weather here. :-)
heard that the battery indicator in unrooted android phones doesn't work properly. should root mine soon.
hmmm. all sabarimala devotees getting down here.
at chengannur station now. kayankulam would be next.
yay. able to charge my phone, at last.
dammit. roaming charges for incoming calls. should remember that.
oops. forgot that battery was low. should stop tweeting. good thing that it has survived the night anyway.
nothing scheduled for today. but I think today will still be good. looking forward to an exciting day. :)
hmmm. train delayed by 1.5 hours. should have reached kayankulam by now. now only at kottayam.
Good morning tweeps! :)
no 20 print outs for the contest, this time?
ennadhu? gandhi sethuttaara? :P
opened up cricinfo to find out that jadeja has bowled a maiden now! in this pitch!! #whattaman
whattaman
i know. ubuntu is my primary distro anyway. had built chromium os on my pendrive 11 months ago, just for fun.
i was trying to remove a problem. the problem itself is solved!!
and it reboots chroimium os again! twitter, facebook and g+ were all crashing earlier. n they work fine now! lol!
enna pa comedy ithu! i format the pendrive through windows n reboot my comp.
reason? can't even update the software in it.
correction. &quot;chromium&quot; os.
planning to remove this 'old' chrome OS from my pendrive.
i am missing #in50hrs again, this weekend! sigh. why do big events combine all the time?
in50hrs
yay! solved one silly problem that had been bugging me for so many days. simple DP but i had been thinking that it was much tougher.
i like this. waking up early and compensating for it in the afternoon with a nap. :) feel so fresh now.
wth! i can't even solve a minimizing knapsack problem. getting errors. hmmm.
i swear i wont play this crazily addicting game for the next 1 week! it is beginning to ruin my life.
since i am in a bad mood, i'll play for a while and then sit and study properly.
what do i do now? surrender to my addiction of playing &quot;dungeon defenders: second wave&quot; or sit and code properly?
i will never be able to look at a computer the same way again. coz everything looks so damn fuzzy! #eyepower
eyepower
my previous tweet kinda summarizes how my life is. sigh...
thanks! :)
good morning appa! topcoder match at 7.30 am. that's why. :)
woke up early at home, at last!
my headache might be due to that #IdiotKapilSibal.
IdiotKapilSibal
cooking noodles now. :)
omg!! i have 83 machine learning videos to watch! this is going to take a long long time.
i know some tv serials like dexter are supposed to be good. but no, thanks. i'd rather not waste my time on them.
how much have i lost in life due to my laziness?? more importantly, how much more will i lose? hmmm. need to change. drastically.
omg! i cant even watch a single video attentively for ten minutes! yawning continuously! :P
these videos are split into nice, small segments. just love it! now on to &quot;Cost Function - Intuition 1&quot;.
i wonder how ppl write fast. i need to relearn the act of writing.
hmmm. cost function...
been a really long time since i viewed those stanford machine learning class videos. continuing it now.
worked hard for more than an hour! long time since that happened!
just had an epiphany. what do i really want to do?
wow! where?
all i do is play games or try to write some code. hopefully everything will change in 2 weeks.
i need to learn to interact with people better. so many years of living through my comp has diminished my ppl skills.
i have become a zombie... &quot;BRAINS!! BRAINS!!&quot;
let me get back to work now.
worst part of waking up after a long sleep is feeling sleepy again.
Operation Die Barbosa successfully going on. #antipiracy
antipiracy
yes.
I know its going to be difficult w/o those free pirated songs. But I'll somehow manage.
That's it. I have decided. Not going to support piracy anymore. Going to delete all the songs that I have.
guys check out TouchPal. @kgdinesh
where r those sad songs when u want to listen to them?
the worst thing feeling is when ur life sucks n u get to know that its you, who is responsible for it.
hmmm. these school kids are from SBOA.
dear friends, first stop cheating in exams. u can then complain about corruption in the country. #dirtonyourback
dirtonyourback
nice. a lot of school children on a visit to the library. their teachers accompanying them. :-)
lol at kamal hassan's hypocrisy. :-D
wow! congrats to everyone at ur home! congrats, chithappa! :-)
TIL that AVL in AVL trees stand for Adelson-Velskii and Landis.
Yuvan Shankar Raja brays like a donkey. abaswaram max!
i am qualified to be a Radio Jockey. all i have to do is be my usual self n blabber continuously.
these lights in the library that switch on automatically when someone approaches them are #win.
win
at the same time, there are few ppl who can explain stuff superbly! and is one of them.
he wasnt even bothered to confirm whether I understood that concept or not.
just read up on a topic that one of my nerdy friends had tried explaining earlier. realized how bad he was at explaining.
Nice songs playing in the radio. :-)
awesome! at last, found some really awesome books on algos in this library! yay!
not able to view the comp properly. need to wear my glasses. finding it extremely difficult.
at Anna centenary library with parents, tweeting from my tab. :P
sigh. ended up watching dbz videos on youtube with bro.
will read that pdf on pattern matching using distributed systems. #readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
wth doesn't my twitter follower count ever reach 300? new ppl keep following me, but bots keep dropping out all the time. &amp;gt;290 for a month.
there. have planned whatever i want to do! NOW, HAVE TO EXECUTE MY PLANS!!! AAAAAAAA......... #panicmode
panicmode
got to plan! got to plan! GOT TO PLAN!!!
even during holidays, i panic!
i haven't still understood what to do for this webinar thingy.
spoj servers seem to be responding too slow today.
good morning folks. long time since i woke up this late.
this dungeon defenders second wave game on my android tab has been downloading stuff from the net for nearly a day! before it can start.
most probably going tomorrow with bro da.
never knew this! hover over the audio icon in the gnome taskbar and scroll using ur touchpad. the volume will change accordingly. naaice...
lol. #whattaman jagi.
whattaman
lol. no da. wondering how to solve a particular problem that i am facing. i solved it earlier. don't remember now.
done. http://t.co/bkNMFQJp
hmmm.
off to inox to watch tintin with bro.
rumors r tat they r selling it at a loss. they aim to make profit when ppl buy amazon stuff through it. u didn't knw that?
what no content? lol. what r u saying da?
not exactly. now ppl think amazon is the only contender to apple. samsung and asus beat the shit out of both.
lol. oh yeah. they NEED an iPad. alright.
please call!!
ppl buy an iPad bcoz they don't go to the market searching for a tablet. they want only an iPad n nothing else.
its just $199. why else do u think ppl were buying?
reviews say that there is no obvious difference in the speeds.
because its cheap da. u r talking as if other android tabs don't even have an android market.
dei, those amazon apps are android apps da! amazon didn't create those apps.
dei kindle fire runs on android da.
there is nothing professional about tabs. they are mainly for consuming multimedia. play games, watch movies.
that's exactly my point. u don't suggest ppl go buy something w/o giving an overall comparison. u r misleading them.
no. the reviewers don't give a damn about android tabs. ppl aren't aware of what's better. most sensible ppl go for android
kindle fire is no way a match for ipad2 da. and some android tabs are better than ipad2 too. i don't get u. wt u saying?
and u don't suggest someone to buy something w/o comparing to the rest of the available products.
not exactly. reviews were out long back. this is not the usual this-vs-that comparison. its buy this vs buy that.
irctc - &quot;Service Unavailable&quot;
as usual, irctc throwing up problems.
i think i'll root my phone before these hols end.
most of these blog articles about the ipad2 and kindle fire seem like paid articles to me. and they end up misleading everyone.
comparing the kindle fire with ipad 2 sounds ridiculous to me. maybe not to everyone though. there are better android tabs that beat both!!
good morning everyone! :)
lol. wait da worst fellows. i just love this waiting game! :) super build-up!
what should i do today?
its really dumb that ppl rate ipad 2 &amp;gt; kindle fire &amp;gt;&amp;gt; anything else. and that's what i call stupidity is.
never underestimate the stupidity of people.
Harvinder Singh is actually Ricky Ponting in disguise. push then, slap now.
seriously, ndtv. is a 30rd yr old guy referred to as a youth?
want to badly see a pic in which officer pike and sharad pawar are together. #macecop #pawarslap
macecop
pawarslap
chocobar! :D
time for a little codechef now.
done. replied to the 3rd person too. now to contact one important person.
second person contacted too. now for the third.
done. first person contacted. now for the second.
there. second done too. while i am doing the third, i have 3 ppl to reply to.
there. the first job is over. :) now for the second.
why twitter actually helps me: i imagine tweets to be slots and i manage my work in between them. how's that? #slottedaloha @unreachableHost
slottedaloha
hmmm. i am clocking my all time high in typeracer but the whole thing leaves me v unsatisfied. off to those 3 things now.
hmmm. 3 things to finish in the next half an hour. but before that, typeracer!
realized that twitter actually helps me manage things.
after so many days, nay, months, i have never felt so inspired to get back to coding!
for 7 days out of the past 9 days, I've been waking up at 4. tomo also same. #exhausted
exhausted
its really good da. the tablet experience. i wouldn't be able to compare tablets, but this is realy good!
wow! this tablet experience is outrageously good!!
got into bus at last!
wow! 21g! ...going in the other direction.
waiting for 21g now...
nasty auto driver. kalaaichutarama! po po.
I expected jayalalitha to have replaced these bed bugs in tnstc buses as they were present during the dmk regime too.
&quot;tambaram tambaram!&quot; ok ok mr.conductor, I am awake now. been awake almost the whole night.
I wonder why I should pay so much for a seat when they can't even keep it free of bed bugs.
why is my phone battery draining like crazy???
some things happen. some things don't. life is one strange game.
the bigger ur plans are, the harder they collapse.
those idiots at facebook seem to have deleted my account!
will be off twitter for the next one week. so then. ta ta. bye for now. #exams
exams
Good morning twitter! :)
haven't studied this sincerely in years! feels nostalgic.
will stop studying for the day, spend time on twitter for a while, and then go to sleep.
noooooooooooooooooo!!!
#machanIf there is 'parsi'ng, then why isn't there any hinduing, musliming or christianing? #runsaway
machanIf
runsaway
but with the state of my stomach in recovery mode, i dare not try anything ambitious!
hungry! right time to go munch on something perhaps?
there it is. one of the &quot;jayalalitha extra-special&quot; powercuts to her loyal citizens. :/
how will you verify that it is allowed in the court? don't want you to get into trouble.
love your tweets. please keep us updated.
oooh. its analysis and synthesis phase. and not synthesis and optimization phase as i thought earlier.
and there'll be a powercut in 10 min. darn.
operation: dist-comp. duration: next 2.5 days. resource: brain. target: these ebooks. will i succeed? let's go! BHARATH MATHA KI JAI!
thanks! :)
the best part is, i wouldn't have bought a tab if i knew earlier that i wud get selected. now i'm selected and i have bought the tab too! :D
my belief in God just shot up to a new maximum! :D
woohoo! selected for the next icpc round. :)
it is during powercuts like these that i wish that i had my galaxy tab 750 with me. can study from it anywhere.
cha. i have begun to complain a lot. who's to blame? not me. :P
anirudh24seven
first, flipkart sent me a faulty tab. then icpc amritapuri ppl haven't called r team. &amp; nw i realize that LFY hasn't shipped my t-shirt yet.
receiving poor service from different organizations for no particular reason. :(
three cheers for @flipkart! they delivered the replacement galaxy tab 750 today! but i'd have to wait for 2 weeks to use it though...
although the tab is in good condition, one of the samsung seals were broken again. but the other seal kept the casing closed.
i got news that the replacement Galaxy Tab 750 arrived today and its in good condition. thank you. :)
my tip was published in the Tips and Tricks section last month but I was never contacted for the T-shirt. Can u look into it?
as always, i would suggest vim. but u might have to install a few plugins too, to make it more convenient.
need a break!
wow! twitter introduces something new after a long time. Activity! :)
omg! big news! teams from r coll ranked behind us r getting calls from acm amritapuri ppl. y haven't we got any, yet? wil v even get a call?
there. cleaned my room. washed my face. prayed for a while. lit an agarbathi. gonna start studying now. :)
should stop trying to go to sleep and start studying
wth! i shouldn't feel sleepy now!! what's wrong with me??
twitter and reddit don't prevent me from studying. they prevent me from dozing off.
even though I didn't get my tab, had a jolly, happy weekend at home. :) was worth it.
are funny tweets on juniors allowed? :D :P ;)
how have u prepared for compiler lab exam da?
i faced the same problem too. but strangely, when u go to d market and lookup google+, it shows an update option. updating nw.
damn. everything going totally the wrong way.
which also means that i've nothing else to do but just shut up and study
so, although they were v nice and immediately ordered a replacement, it still means that my plan to get it by this weekend failed.
just went and saw in my flipkart account that they had placed an order for the replacement. dunno when i'll get it though. mostly tue/wed.
had a perfectly bad day.
1 of ur executives said tat a replacement would be shipped tonight &amp; i'll get a mail regarding it. haven't got it yet. status plz?
they understood that i had a genuine problem and agreed to ship it by tonight itself, even though it is a difficult procedure! wow!
omg! service is truly awesome! they have agreed to ship it by tonight itself! brilliant!!
i can take pics of the screen of the tab that i received and send it across if you want. if that will help in any way...
why? why does this happen to me???
next 2 days hols as well. so, i surely can't get my tab before leaving home. and i'll be back only on the 23rd. which is upsetting... :(
kinda heartening to realize that their customer service is good. but some mistake somewhere and i'm the one affected by it. :(
they were kinda surprised that the seal within the flipkart packaging was broken. i am surprised too! some1 has packaged a bad box.
got another call from flipkart. they have agreed to look into the issue. but not possible to get a replacement by today. :(
i dont wanna take this with me now da. its not a new order. its a replacement na. need to give this back to get a new one.
bad bad day...
that means that i wouldn't be able to use it until my sem exams get over and my hols begin! need not have come back home this weekend. :(
have contacted customer service who duly apologized and agreed to replace it. but wouldn't get a replacement until tuesday. :(
and the tablet's screen has a few marks on it too! never expected such a poor service from @flipkart!
ouch!! after hours of waiting, i get a galaxy tab 750 box with broken seals from @flipkart! shocked!!
not yet. the chennai flipkart facility has received mine a few minutes back, though. courtesy: track ur shipment feature.
32k in flipkart.
i think interviewstreet. @kgdinesh
galaxy tab 750 (10.1)
back home :)
signs of tiredness creeping in
meanwhile, iris is still up n running. :P #siridown
siridown
mokka pasanga. they complain abt the coll n claim that they want to leave it asap n now they talk abt senti feelings! #hypocrites
hypocrites
lol. hearing news that siri is down! :P
hope flipkart doesn't be over sincere n deliver my tab tomo itself. I don't want my bro to open it before I reach home.
ppl dont understand the meaning of a choice. u can choose to stay or leave. just dont stop others from leaving.
i don't understand when ppl complain to me when i criticize some1's views. they can have their views. so will i, about them.
soooo confused now! mind not working...
some indecent ppl opposing the new director's move citing pragyan, nittfest, symposium and senti feelings!!
new director therikka vidaraar! piri man! so many changes coming about in college!!
distributed computing, it is.
wow! a guy from just called me now to confirm my order. nice. :-)
guess, i'll go have my first proper meal of the day now.
ordered a galaxy tab 750 at last, now. :)
sigh...
hope I don't doze off now n miss my exam.
feeling feverish too. kinda scared. this shouldn't be happening.
argh! why doesnt everything happen the way it is supposed to?
didnt have breakfast or lunch today. why then is my stomach paining?
now for the 'creative' part. meh.
google doesn't seem to give a damn for users with slow internet connection.
ordering it on flipkart tomorrow. will most prolly get it by this weekend then.
got that creative writing assignment to complete now.
the first thing i'll do after getting my galaxy tab 750 would be to test the wordpress app n start working on it!
same here
i m writing an assignment with the help of the light from my lappy because of powercut. somebody give me a medal please.
woke up from an extremely long nap. which means that i've got to start on assignments now.
there. much better now after wearing my glasses.
having more problems with eyesight. guess i need to start wearing my specs more regularly now.
seri. washed those clothes now. what do i do next?
am so absent minded. forgot to dry those clothes that i had soaked yesterday morning! they stink now! :(
hope u know about the oil slick problem with so many galaxy tab 10.1 models globally. what abt the ones available at flipkart?
twitter on opera turbo mode keeps getting reloaded again and again, making it nearly unusable! i wonder why.
now that galaxy tab 10.1 is in line for ICS update, i'm surely gonna get one within a week!
hi. wouldn't it be a long time before Asus Transformer 2 (Prime) launches in india? what will the tentative pricing be?
what u doing da? i m v bored.
as rightly said, i feel a myriad of emotions every instant.
it is mildly surprising to note that we came extremely close to solving one more problem in both contests.
no no. just realized that i had stopped coding for myself &amp; was just trying to win contests. gonna change tat attitude. :)
dei dei. i am talking about coding/programming da!
?
lol. that's the source. but that isn't the reason. :)
ah. inner peace at last! :)
the next few hours will determine my actions for the next few months.
sigh...
my spider senior surath (ex-presi) got placed in google today! :)
i didn't miss anything important today, right?
Immortals of Meluha was a worthy read.
got a lot of work to finish by monday. i better start today.
the nitt gtug website is up! http://t.co/ZSHtIRKA
yes da. am coming only tomorrow.
argh! just found out the mistake made in problem E of amrita icpc online round! stupid mistake in logic! @ashwinjagadeesh
well said. #ubunturage http://t.co/gpEYRX1E
ubunturage
extremely irritated. but I'm not leaving home tonight. get lost college!
damn. my class rep tells me now that there is a submission tomorrow! I hate my college!
oh. that's the only reason is it? then I surely want to bunk tomorrow.
nope. I didn't. y u leaving today then? I was thinking of bunking tomo but haven't decided.
what about compilers program? submission tomo right?
vim golf! :) http://t.co/V67merA9
when u going to college?
is it my slow internet connection or are there any problems with the #NokiaWorld live streaming website?
NokiaWorld
wth! the #nokiaWorld live webcast page says that webcast limit has been reached! i cant view anything. this is stupid.
nokiaWorld
that was one extremely long nap that I had! slept for so many hours!
and of course, happy deepavali!! :)
so tired! wont be able to stay awake even for 1 more minute! good night everyone! #exhausted
exhausted
have requested for a better url for the nitt gtug website. meanwhile, the unofficial url is: http://t.co/UPWwDerO
photos on gtug website have been uploaded. :)
i shouldn't be tired now but i am. every1 at home already gone to sleep.
working on the gtug website now. uploading the gtug kickoff photos to the site as well.
i give up. i am not going to download ubuntu 11.10 now with this slow net connection at home.
this tiwary fellow has no control over his bowling. tossing up diwali sweets for the english batsmen.
personally, i don't like unity or gnome-shell but i heard that 11.10 provides a better experience on netbooks than 11.04.
downloading ubuntu 11.10 now. planning to put it on my pendrive and test it out on my mom's netbook and show her how awesome ubuntu is. ;)
india needs a wicket. quick.
exactly!
its been a really long time since i bought some book. especially a comp sci book.
got myself a jeans pant for tomo and a few books on comp sci as well. :)
back home after shopping. :)
did that loooong ago.
oops. spent all my time on google+ now. got to start.
going to attempt a few problems related to segment trees now.
woke up at last!
I prefer g+ over fb becoz I can hv healthy discussions on technology on g+ while friends n relatives on fb think tat i'm spammin their walls
what plans for the day? :)
back home :)
happy birthday da! :-)
was made to shift to the adjacent seat with problems in my sleepy state. woke up now n politely asked him for my original seat. he agreed.
checking twitter through sms.
machi, noone in our wing n ur clothes and umbrella seemed unsafe outside. have put them in my room.
who's going to watch the new srk movie? No.One. @Laugh_Riot
don't worry. ur team itself is a joke. :P #justkidding #runsaway
justkidding
runsaway
doesn't it even cost the usual rate?
been an extremely long time since i had a decent internet connection...
thanks. i think i'll wait.
i think i should go and sleep once again now. feel as if i bumped my head against a brick wall.
2 hours of powercut over. when will the next one be?
what a dumb government! we are having 3 times more power cuts than what we used to have!
when in india?
i have been eyeing the galaxy tab 750 (10.1&quot;) for a long time now. shall i go ahead and buy it?or should i wait for an ics tablet?
power cut?? now?? why???? :(
yay! power back!
damn!! powercut! won't come back surely for an hour now. :-(
dei, i meant study for tomo's exam da. mobile computing.
time to get up and study
power went at 6 am. :-/ hope it comes back at 8.
it says that my prev tweet was through ubuntu. oh well.
what is this twitter client? gwibber? just found it in my panel bar.
disable. u can hide them. that's just abt it.
both the have the same low baritone kind of a start. :) @techrsr
1440 twitter users make an eench. :P @kgdinesh
shhh apple fan boys. its our turn now. #android
android
Tango supports video chat in android phones with just a camera at the back!
congrats!! :D
iris is awesome! for those who haven't used it, it is the equivalent of siri on iphone, for android. and it was built in just 8 hours!!
love the tune. :) #kolaveri
kolaveri
I find so many ppl around me use :wq for save and exit, instead of :x. How do I effectively convince them to use :x?
does a concept of exploiting sms's to compromise mobile phones, exist? @_iakkom
kili-tas.
Hard earned parottas
when they ask me why I got low marks, I'll point a finger and say, &quot;these buhari fellows pa. go on. arrest them.&quot;
these buhari fellows are worst, I say.
is back to my usual abnormal self. :P
dunno what to feel. :|
i want to do something about it!
am so pissed off that we might not make it!
is selection for on-site going to be the 1st team from each college and then rank-wise allocation if slots are available?
sigh.
&quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot; is an anagram of &quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot;.
.skype, viber, fring, nimbuzz, tango and so many other options. what do we go with?
.i would at least need such an app to contact u ppl w/o knocking on your doors everytime.
we need not pay these carriers if we wanna call each other.
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
dear friends w/ android, y don't we all start usin some phone-call-thru-internet app like skype, viber, etc? wud be gr8 if all of us hv it.
Opera, both desktop and mobile is built for the masses.
that was one insanely long nap that i had.
love the vishnu sahasranamam recitation by T.S.Ranganathan. awesome voice. spiritual feeling.
?
wud like to knw wthr thr hav been incidents where &amp;gt;1million ppl using GSM roaming mobiles meetin up in a location hv crashed a VLR. @_iakkom
dear iPhone 4S user, if u bought it just to be in an 'elite' crowd, u sure are arrogant.
Damn these powercuts!
gave a 2 hour talk on android at nitt-gtug kickoff event now. abt 100 ppl turned up.
nitt gtug successfully started off today!
NITT GTUG Kickoff event today. gonna give a talk on Android.
someone will fork it da. if noone does, i will.
what???????? nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
no option for gnome 2 classic?
coughing like crazy!
awesome article!
#dell
dell
websites need to provide something between actual websites and a mobile site for users like me on a slow internet connection.
in fact, i/o operations aren't natively supported by c.
many updates to Ritchie's death with a printf statement. on a different note, printf isn't natively supported by c, right? we need stdio.h.
All I can think of now, is food. Off to grab something to eat.
using free wifi from clc now.
what a stupid boring class!
couldn't go less than 303 bytes. hmmm...
i give up! i can't write the soln in &amp;lt;256 bytes.
these problems are so hard that even the editorials for them make little sense!
thanksu pa!
My tip got published in this month's lfy magazine. I remember sending it in months ago!
ah. last bench after a long time.
no water anywhere? that's insane!
voted now. :)
not feeling productive? start studying for exams. your productivity in other activities would dramatically increase.
Dart! #google
google
woke up at last!
tried the android yoga app?
What everyone is too polite to say about steve jobs. http://t.co/FF3ljxGR
it used to be. long ago, march used to be the first month of the year. jan and feb were added later. sept=7 oct=8 nov=9 dec=10
oops. thursday perhaps?
will intro to android be enough? planning to make it short and simple as all of us have CT's next week.
they expect us to conduct a kickoff session before wednesday. i think we'd be able to do it.
will tuesday be fine? We need to get permission for venue n put up posters too tomo. suggestions?
suggestions for gtug kickoff event?
Thank you for the private beta invite! http://t.co/1GPO8eU9
.is brilliant!
Am watching that recording of Dalai Lama &amp; Desmond Tutu hangout now. http://t.co/kwPhdAP9
btw, i want to know which book to study compilers from.
this might be a bit long. u can just skim through though. http://t.co/x3MIHPfi
it IS tough. but spending time with it improves your style of coding in procedural based languages.
wow! the haskell session at today's ilugc meet was awesome!
at the ilugc meeting now. was discussing abt scalable systems earlier. discussing about RoR now.
Samsung and google postponing their conference due to jobs death. Apple themselves wouldn't do such a thing.
getjar \m/
http://t.co/woaM7zL4 makes typing easier and quicker!
i think i'll attend the ilugc meet today. its been a long time...
tried SwiftKey x?
SwiftKey x is super awesome! Free on getjar!
my brother is still active on orkut!
got my gsoc t-shirt and certi now! here's my certi. http://t.co/4qc3vWF4
nice. :)
never! i say, never!
omg! woke up to the bad news now. RIP Steve Jobs. :(
why do i prefer twitter and google+ over facebook? because most of the posts on fb are not even worth looking at.
some ppl will watch any form of cricket. even something as bad as a champions league match that doesn't involve any of the teams u support.
golden rule on the internet: never argue w/ morons and noobs. oh yeah, moronic noobs too.
Gaah! Exaggeration! Y.YOU.EXIST??
if this goes any further, i am gonna start a series of guest rage comics.
my mom interrupts my 4 hour sleep and asks me to get ready to meet navarathiri guests. one more reason for me to dislike guests.
Johny English Reborn is one awesome movie! Enjoyed it with friends. :-)
exactly!
and after so many months, apple comes out with a copy of samsung galaxy s2.
nice that express avenue provides free wifi for 2 hours.
does the movie at EA plan still exist? plz keep me updated.
good morning tweeps. :-)
a third yr just now came up to me and asked authoritatively whether i was a second yr. bulbed him with the truth.
gonna reach central bus stand, trichy.
just like every centOS fan would be happy with a redhat release, i am happy that iphone5 is coming. #android
android
&quot;a faceless enemy is the most dangerous.&quot; #apple
apple
&quot;there are so many awesome open source projects online that, to simply waste one's time is a sin. go contribute!&quot;
when will google come up with an equivalent of amazon silk?
its fun to travel as long as u dont have to drag a strolley along.
#f8fefc? (tumblr's) @ferozenaina
f8fefc
gotta go have lunch but this lathangi piece by U Srinivas is holding me back. #whattaman
whattaman
can't read the text clearly though. color of fonts can be lighter. @sathya3445
be at irc://freenode/nitt from now on. we'll chat.
twidge is written in haskell. must learn haskell then.
huge weekend coming up. from tomo till sunday. #dussehraholidays
dussehraholidays
good morning folks! :)
what a day! got flamed by almost everyone!! :-/
checking out twidge once again.
this month is gonna be big. last shot at ACM ICPC.
did you check ur room number on ur door? i changed it today morning. :P
where are you?
and of course, a good amount of sleep can lead to happiness too. :P
just re-learnt one important lesson today. happiness isn't always defined by happy incidents. sometimes, peace and calm lead to happiness.
thanks to for enabling access to ~145 GB of space in my system. :)
listening to Saraswatipriya alapana. never heard this before. always feels good to listen to a new raaga.
shankarabharanam alapana by L.Subramaniam is so comforting and heavenly! :)
Radiance theme in ubuntu is really good. :)
seriously, today has been one of the worst days ever. only good part is, i kinda felt yday, that today would be bad. don't ask me why.
of course, we lost too. but again, that is usual. don't feel that i am worthy of selection. let at least others get a chance.
went to play with a team full of bowlers, never got a chance to bowl, got bowled golden duck. worst of all, i snapped n fought wd d captain.
of course, that decision has got everything to do with me, rather than anything/anyone else. #disappointed
disappointed
worst day of cricket ever! i hereby quit playing cricket at NIT Trichy.
worst monday morning ever!!
clarification: &quot;msp program&quot; meant &quot;applying for msp program&quot; in my prev tweet.
2nd step of msp program hopefully over. can concentrate on icpc preparations properly now.
at code obfuscation finals now. #shaastra
shaastra
of course, it also means that there is a lot of opportunity for the rest of mankind.
have lost hope in mankind. almost everyone wants to #timepass all the time!
timepass
but why code heavily during powercut/travel. 1 Lappy + 1 netbook seems to be a good idea.
u guys can get a netbook...
got selected for code obfuscation finals. that means i have to go back to iit-m for #shaastra today...
shaastra
thanks to for submitting my mobile computing classwork today! :)
keywords of talks that crowds are always attracted to: 1. Hacking 2.Android #lessonslearned #shaastra
lessonslearned
shaastra
insane crowd for the android dev lecture by @lut4rp!! #shaastra
shaastra
will play maybe after icpc.
at an awesome talk by arvind gupta at #shaastra. this guy: http://t.co/CfbSc97Q
shaastra
ah. this guy is showing why one compromise can bring everything down.
so, he makes a guy click a shortened url which hides a js code that steals cookies. #ok
ok
lol. this guy is phishing some random guy in an ethical hacking lecture! #shaastra
shaastra
wait! this guy is supposed to talk abt ethical hacking. sigh. these things always suck.
why cant these #shaastra ppl provide internet connection for organizers from outside?
shaastra
dumb talk on ethical hacking going on at #shaastra.
shaastra
damn! these idiots cant stop misusing the term 'hack'! #disgusted
disgusted
at iitm now. #shaastra
shaastra
back home! :)
overslept, woke up at koyambedu, caught a bus to t nagar n waitin here now! what a start to the day!
not many ppl in the setc bus that i am travelling in. #thursday
thursday
Off to central bus stand, trichy.
mokkai class. no attendance too. :-(
omg! its gururaj!
decided not to go to shaastra but stay in coll today. few unfinished businesses.
happens to me almost all the time in this slow, dumb internet connection that i have.
they should declare 10 days holidays for colleges during dussehra and navarathri. can eat sundal at home, then.
insects all over the place! so switched to a dark twitter theme.
how many of you know that NIT Trichy has its own Google Technology User Group from today? join right away! groups.google.com/group/nitt-gtug
Zynga profits dive 95%, no new games to blame http://t.co/UvgWKNcv
damn! slept for &amp;gt;4 hours!!
of course the mobile desktop twitter widget is awesome too!
GO launcher is truly awesome! love the cartoon theme on my android!
pettai rap and urvasi urvasi! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;chikku bukku chikku bukku raile!!!&quot; #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;arabikkadalorum&quot; now! :-) #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
lol. they said they'll sing a hindi song, sang one line, went to english n then tamil now! no hindi! lol. bulb! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
wth!! what is he singing?? &quot;papa is happy when the food is on the table&quot; ??? #randomsong #festember
randomsong
festember
got into barn after 1.5 hours of waiting! disgusting! #festember
festember
when leaving for barn?
tried to reverse tether my android. #fail so far.
fail
dozed off for a while...
i dont wear glasses regularly. so changed my profile pic almost everywhere.
what?
not got anything to do with padippu machi.
changed my twitter dp to another old one.
had planned to go watch/attend a few events today morning. ended up in spider labs instead...
1.2 Mbps!!
power back. off to spider labs! :)
will put the source code online of course! :) will blog about in a few hours when I come back from festember...
of course, am a final year student. so noone would depend on me. :D
supposed to help others in arranging events. boring non-tech stuff...
gotta have lunch and leave for festember soon. yawn...
spent all morning w/o breakfast to write a python script to retrieve all 50 odd topcoder algorithm tutorial articles. will blog abt it soon.
at barn hall now with friends. #festember
festember
classes over for the day. yay!
can diaspora make an impact in this world of twitter-google+-facebook?
why no article on how fb copying most of google+? would love to see one.
never underestimate a product.
its so silent that i can hear laughing for jokes in the movie that he's watching...
started on 5 drawings for assignment. :-) would have continued if not for this unscheduled powercut...
time for an haircut? yeah!!
u can set passwords for ur androidAP connection da.
bunking all morning classes today. :P
updating my google+ android app now. :)
horrible timetable for tomorrow. planning to bunk a lot.
problems with setuptools while setting up trac on remote system without internet connection http://t.co/LrjjIu3T
today's div 2 srm was kinda tough. must practise more..
:-)
when nobody is nice to you, there is nothing you can do, but just move on. #thathuvam
thathuvam
what can be worse than bad teachers? bad classmates.
11 points increase. ok. i'll take it. at least it has increased...
hmmm. should have started the 900 point problem earlier. seemed easy. wasted too much time on the 600 point problem. its okay. #topcoder
topcoder
reserve your username at http://gkl.st/2 here is mine http://t.co/JrFB79xL
tc srm 519 in an hour...
hard work pays! yeah!!
they tell me that there is no curd rice after billing me for it! eating lemon rice now. sigh...
learnt something new now. hopefully the first good thing that has happened to me so far, today.
yes!! yes yes yes! understood at last!
ouch. my back aches now.
i wish something good would happen now...
just what i wanted. google search provides results from a few social networks. http://t.co/j4yxzE4D
a bright, wonderful monday morning! looking forward to an exciting week! :)
Damn. My gprs has begun to cost me now. Wth is  happening? Stupid airtel!
had weird dreams. strangely, i think i had similar dreams years ago. good morning tweeps.
opinions change with experience. #thathuvam
thathuvam
'Best apps' is one of the best apps out there on the android market. a must try for android users.
when will i ever learn to not talk to strangers?
facebook is for braggarts. twitter is for chatterboxes. but there is a bit of both inside every one of us.
windows. open?? oh. u dont mean the OS. let me go back to what i was doing...
cant sms. :-( at least can tweet...
rameshwaram exp
piri man da nee. :-)
and rameshwaram exp has started. got my ticket checked now, too.
and that leaves 4 rupees as balance. strangely costing me 1 rupee per sms, now. cant sms any1 too. cha.
oh. lol. thought u saw me.
yep. am wearing a grey t shirt.
wth! my current gprs plan is different from my original gprs plan. so 60 bucks detected from balance now. :-(
in one of those nice coaches with power sockets all over the place. :-)
windows 8?
uninstallation done.
i'm going to say goodbye to this macbuntu theme and return to good ol' ubuntu's 'Ambiance' theme.
y u so scared? @viveksundarm
YEAHHHH!!!!!! my ubuntu is back! triple booting ubuntu 11.04, windows 7 and windows 8 dev preview now. :)
off to the Startup Center for Mobile Monday on a Saturday. #MoMo
MoMo
damn! i cant even use a computer without my glasses! everything seems more blurred w/o them.
what is happening? seeing more icons on my start menu now. #w8dp
w8dp
good morning tweeps. back home safely. :)
lol.
lol. he started the conversation first!
lol. was talking abt android to some random stranger in the town bus to trichy. felt good.
good to see new, clean seat covers on this setc bus. :-)
i want my ubuntu back! missing it already :'( @_iakkom
nice. :-) how abt putting it on wikileaks?
nee verumna paathundu thaan iruppa. @_iakkom
wait. how is that apps are closing now in windows 8 dp, if i press alt+F4? this wasn't working yday.
feeling much better after that deep sleep... :)
one guy is calling wipro, infosys, cts and tcs as the &quot;venerable big four&quot;!!
haha. true. not comfortable on desktops/laptops. i was comparing its start menu with older versions of windows. :-)
must've listened to mankatha theme song &amp;gt;30 times since afternoon. too good. thanks to @_iakkom.
like my mob's new screen guard. :-)
haha! 2 of my batchmates professing their love to each other over facebook!
windows 8 might not be the most comfortable or customizable OS that i have ever seen, but it surely one of the best! damn intuitive!
loving windows 8 developer preview on a fast internet connection. :)
is on a photo walk around the campus with a 5mp camera. :-P
sure! :-)
first tweet from Tweet:)
after 2 hours of chaotic comedy with @viswanathgs, and finally @_iakkom, got windows 8 dev preview workin on my lappy. :-)
HURRAY!! downloaded windows 8 developer preview. was so tensed that the sha1 checksums might not match! they did! yay!!
its at 99% now!! :)
I hereby declare war!! on my laziness!!
been a long time since i felt this pathetic!! :|
if I buy the galaxy tab 750 from your website, how do I avail that vodafone plan?
i really must start solving these 1000 point problems!! not even attempting them... :(
i think i'll go to spider labs now n put windows 8 on download. will be having lunch at vasantham n will come to class from there.
ya. its huge! i dunno whether 3 hours would be sufficient to download it with the internet speed over there...
not yet. it just released a while ago. will do it today. lots of great feedback abt it. tempted to bunk web class today. :-P
lol. smell of books for e-books! :D http://t.co/mq7E7x2
ah. i think i'll replace that third partition in my system containing fedora 15 now, with windows 8 developer preview.
damn. just when i was abt to order an android tablet, they release windows 8. looks very promising, i must say! #build
build
i just love this metro UI!
i was beginnin to wonder why i wanted an android tab. jus remembered that it was because i wanted to optimize wordpress for android tablets!
good morning tweeps. feeling great in the morning after a long time. had a good night's sleep. :-)
for once i am glad that my room is warm..
shipped my gsoc code to google today. yay!
make way for minus! http://t.co/oHavlbe
OUCH! http://t.co/cFPC8eA
whew. just confirmed that today is the soft deadline.
Awesome news abt delicious  http://t.co/Qdr9nv8
i dont want to go to the only theory class of today. boo hoo. #boring
boring
no revolutionary news in tech for the past few days. #boring
boring
there is a huge difference between teasing among friends and slander on a public forum.
it need not even be written by the same person. multiple ppl using hashtags, maybe?
no. u didnt get me. a series of tweets that make up a short story.
readin abt data mining. i dont want all info. just want necessary info tht i need frm this book. i.e.data mine this book on data mining.
how about using twitter as a medium to write/narrate short stories? there would be live feedback as well. @kgdinesh
every raagam/song sounds good if the singer sings it that way.
bouli is awesome. kalpana swarams in it are even more awewome.
me thinks tht me will take a break from swype and use the samsung soft-keyboard in landscape mode instead...
This book on How Children Learn Language by William O'Grady is just awesome!
and advised me not to have too much of this kesari. I should've listened.
ah. I think I would have to use my laptop today.
Ah. I always thought that no1 looked at this perspective for nlp. But found a book. &quot;How children learn language&quot; by william o grady. Nice.
mobile twitter is faster than twitter apps mainly because u don't see profile pics in it.
ah. almost. but not for programming purposes...
topcoder da. was talking about yday's srm.
played games on mobile, listened to the radio. came to library about an hour back. reading a few interesting stuff.
I have challenged myself not to open my laptop today. going good so far.
oh yes. I think I will learn hindi.
ah. ok.
oh. I thought the aim was to spread knowledge. cha.
I don't understand. Why aren't all academic research papers available online for free?
why is it that I wake up so late on Sundays? anyway, good morning tweeps.
i am not even attempting this 1000 point problem.
1000pt problems. Y.YOU.SO.HARD??
3 more hits and my blog will reach 6k hits. :P http://t.co/j2gXjeo
ivar apudiye police u. naanga thirudanaama. i need to 'accept' facts aam. ensuring that justice is served via facebook.
lol at he doubts my credibility.
Onaan inside spider labs. Lol.
where did you buy? how much?
The quickest and most reliable way of accessing twitter on my android is the mobile website.
The English cricket team would love the name of the next version of Android. #jellybean
jellybean
time to begin. #coding
coding
lol. thu.
do indians still watch cricket??
been receiving a lotta visits on my blog for the past few days. naice...
u disgusting ppl. one placed in an electrical company and another a EEE student...
i increase the entropy of the universe by adding unknown but interesting ppl into my &quot;Random&quot; circle on google+.
wait. i've been spending so much time on google+ that i haven't even noticed twitter for a while now...
summa verupethifying. :P
yay!
awesome da!
I can either continue to laze around in my room like this or go to Spider labs and work properly. I choose the latter.
70467 in racing moto! muhahaha! beat that, @_iakkom!
&quot;yethi yethi&quot; on radio now. brings back first year memories...
Heading to trichy with comp sci classmates for treat.
Yay! Installed Paper Camera for free from getjar! It IS as awesome as everyone claim it to be!
i think my twitter page looks better now :) #allwhite
allwhite
listening and singing along to &quot;mazhai varudhu mazhai varudhu&quot; on infinite loop. wingmates feeling...
I better stop snoozing and start rising... Good morning tweeps.
First we called him Jagadeesh. Then Jagi. And then Jag. Now, we don't call him anymore. :P  @Satish_NR
@_iakkom: when u guys leaving?
I love distributed computing but this class is boring...
I wonder how patents are granted to apple for some really silly stuff. Something v fishy...
Restore and Preserve Page State for Windows Phone 7.5 or Mango Phone http://t.co/FRJjEed /via @wordpressdotcom
is at a new low. fresh beginnings ahead... #hope
hope
either i am missing out on something or people are not listening to me...
i am still out here!
i want those qsn papers!
btw, change your username to something else da. please.
have a look. http://t.co/cUq0ksk
have u seen videos of windows phone 7 mango? it seems twitter and facebook have been integrated into it! looks good. :)
how abt creating a distro just for social purposes?
ah. doesn't seem to be tweeting. and that can mean only one thing. HE'S STUDYING!!!
specific cd or all cds? which version of ubuntu?
i got a good internet connection now. yeah!
3g connection! Y.YOU.FAIL.ME?
i think u have given me only one koshtin paper containing 40 koshtins...
hey. yeah, it was. :)
Off to creative writing 'exam' now...
I don't like these horrible tamil film songs that they play in these buses. That too this early in the morning!
some of my friends are scared/irritated that unknown people add them on google+. and they do have twitter acccounts! #hypocrites #fb
hypocrites
fb
mobile computing is pretty interesting...
i asked how ur preparation is, da.
Am at chennai occ now. Looking at some very interesting startup products...
boarded train? How is ur preparation da?
ok.
just realized that vasanth's link was the ebook that u had already given to me. ma'am mentioned some other book right? wt abt that?
12 crore zeros perhaps?
.seems to be studying a lot. no tweets for quite some time now... dei, anyway u r S grade in mobile da.
lol.
Awesome experience at nerd dinner chennai today!
yep. he never attended any class though. placements...
And the second event for the day is nerd dinner chennai. am already here. might start in a short while.
I am NOT going to watch another tamil movie for a looooong time!!
i should start studying for monday's &quot;Mobile Computing&quot; exam, now. but i think i'll try to come up with a windows phone 7 app now...
and the first event for the day is mankaatha! booked tickets yday night...
good morning tweeps. :) have 2 events planned for the day...
http://t.co/eEFDD3X
good night folks. not sleepy but i think i'll play around with my mobile before going to sleep. c ya.
dear apple, go die! http://t.co/ZeN9AnS
lol! bing and google plus. http://t.co/Cbs78Qj
and oh, yeah. epic fail today. thought that 1530 UTC meant 11pm Indian time!
back home... :)
samsung launched some new products today. maybe, postponing my decision to buy the galaxy tab was an awesome decision after all...
refer my prev tweet.
Galaxy Ace - Gingerbread update http://t.co/ZCevKQj
there seems to be only post/site online that has taken notice of the galaxy ace gingerbread update in india! sad...
the world looks much better when u upgrade your android device... have a great morning everyone!
dunno what feels better. gingerbread or triple sixes by dravid...
Yes. :-)
am now running gingerbread on my ace. :)
yay! heard that gingerbread official update is available for galaxy ace in india now!! woot! @_iakkom
with toshiba, amazon and sony entering the market, the consumers stand to gain...
reason being, there aren't too many android tabs out in the market yet. more competition means better products and cheaper price.
argh! dilemma max! i think i will wait for a few months before buying the galaxy tab...
offline gmail is awesome! http://t.co/ROVS4jn
Only few hours remaining to convince me to not buy a galaxy tab 750. flipkart's offer gets over then.
Badminton, table tennis, pool and swimming with bro! Awesome experience!
google+ also supports j,k.
why isn't mangatha trending on twitter?
can never understand why some people do not allow others to dream big. #bro
bro
if i pre-order the Samsung Galaxy Tab 750 now, when will i get it?
not exactly. we've just found inner peace...
ah. that's ok. we know which coll is better... :)
the question is not &quot;will i&quot;, but &quot;when will i&quot;...
romba over! http://t.co/zG4pqSW
must start tracking time.
another reason why working on open source projects are awesome. u get to make good friends like :)
can someone invite me to quora? #quora
quora
tired. even twitter seems boring now...
Got to start studying now...
Anna becomes an icon, Irom Sharmila forgotten - India News - IBNLive http://t.co/UGKvaVD
for sms spam, smsBlocker is pretty good.
thanks! just now saw this tweet. got placed in microsoft about a month back...
apparently there's some random football match going on...
yay! can go study now!
lol. not yet. ;) :P
in fact, i was asked to upload it onto youtube.
and what's wrong with that?
my video for the microsoft student partner program: http://t.co/0FDLoQF :P
sadly, no irc client seems to be as awesome as chatzilla. makes me depend on firefox.
MUST.STOP.SINGING.ALONG! #canthelpit
canthelpit
in love with automata once again! :)
:D :P
dai! anyway, gnome2 still rocks! and echofon sucks because i'd have to use firefox.
and i just reached 2000 tweets with my prev tweet! :P
i salute medical students like who devote their time and lives to the welfare of other people! you rock!!
those students are of course, medical students!!
in midst of all this complaining, i can't help but feel amazed about a group of students. they study and they serve.
i bet some of my classmates are going through prev years kosthin papers now...
nee vera. i'd be studying for placements now, if so!
t2k is nearing... (tweet two thousand)
i wish companies that we got placed in, could just whisk us away from college right now and take us to their offices...
random songs on infinite loop...
i guess i must stop complaining and resume studying...
most of them might be studying even now. :(
it is ok with me to study, after getting placed. but i'd want to study something new. not old stuff!!
why isn't 'cycle test' trending on twitter? :|
have felt the same, over all these years... :|
can't believe that i have to study stuff that were taught 1.5 years ago! unfair! #automata
automata
of course, if i am really purchasing, it'd be only around december or later...
galaxy tabs 730 and 750, motorola xoom come with honeycomb. rumors abt toshiba coming up with a tab as well.
i did. confused over what to buy next. will give this ace to my dad if i go for nexus prime.
in fact, getting my first android, is indirectly the reason why i'm going for something next. #gsoc
gsoc
i might not buy at all too. kinda confused. might be receiving a windows phone 7 next year, to add to the confusion.
:P would be my response. #nocomments
nocomments
galaxy tab or nexus prime?? #confused
confused
huh?
RT twitter needs to make tagging not eat up the word count.
wow! the windows phone 7 emulator looks stunning. much better than the android one...
not if we dunno the answers while giving the exam...
Companies are like political parties. They can become a liability any time. Better not to talk about them at all.
on twitter? there's an @ Mentions tab below the &quot;What's happening?&quot; textbox. you can view tweets mentioning you, over there.
#ThankYouSteveJobsFor making everyone realize that every little detail on a product deserved the attention of a CEO. http://t.co/RJ7NlMb
ThankYouSteveJobsFor
realized that i've all along seen only from google's perspective. nice one. http://t.co/LL1rOSu #applevsgoogle
applevsgoogle
is now a gsocer... :)
just saw the news. awesome da! congrats! :)
awesome!!
fb - acquaintances
deadlock
today is friday. which means unlimited payasam in mess. Slurrppp!
awesome weather here at trichy!
good morning tweeps! :)
that worked! forgot to inform earlier...
that feeling u get when u realize u might have been wrong all along...
NVIDIA and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet + Tegra Zone power pack http://t.co/NY3qAtt Begin living life!
cycle tests coming up. will lower my twitter usage for the next few weeks.
check this. http://t.co/h9jXvD3
when I +1 something, do I say plus oned or plussed one?
am not gonna retweet funny/interesting tweets that might make me lose credibility. gonna +1 them instead.
&quot;Students, take your mobile out n check your IMEI number. Go on, do it.&quot; - prof in mobile computing class
just what i wanted! http://t.co/i8RmWRL @_iakkom
big news that was made while I was sleeping: Steve Jobs Resigns. hmmm... dunno how to react.
good morning tweeps! classes from 8.30 to 4 today...
didn't u just have dinner?
prof who teaches compilers keeps referring to automata all the time. and i don't remember most of it.
is planning to read automata all over again...
where art thou?
ah. yes. point taken.
i meant that this is comfortable too. so, no reason to not expect people to use it.
viewing conversations, images and videos are v comfy in the web...
got to add new photos to twitter asap!
just saw the time! gotta rush to class. dear followers, u have been saved, if u have not been bored to death already!
Who is suing who? http://t.co/RAZmfJu
Gold: Did You Know You Could Rip Apart Your Computer and Melt the Circuit Boards for Gold? - http://t.co/b9MqRZK
TIL that djvu is supposed to be pronounced as dejavu. makes more sense now...
ppl ought to realize that the 'good' guys are the bad guys and the 'bad' guys are the good guys. #random
random
if apple acquires twitter, i think i'll stop using it, as a sign of protest.
it seems i have tweeted &amp;gt;1000 tweets through the web interface. atleast one milestone reached before class, today...
ah. according to tweetstats, i tweeted more this month, than last month. and there's still a week left...
i admit defeat. i can't type too many tweets in a short span of time. i'd end up spamming people too.
and more importantly, most open source organizations have really nice ppl with whom you can interact with. #opensource
opensource
just realized that which organization you work for, doesn't matter much. whom you work with, does.
thanks! :)
i would really like if more of my friends use google+ regularly.
Hamirkalyani is an awesome raaga. #carnatic #music
carnatic
music
Android (Finally) Taking Steps Towards WebKit And&#160;Chromium via http://t.co/O7Ajxb5
and yeah. must begin studying for my cycle tests too. they start next week. secretly hope that they get postponed...
hmmm. i might have to do a video or a screencast of my gsoc project sometime soon. sounds good. will do it.
just noticed that my klout score seems to be rising quite steeply, of late...
84 tweets in 42 min?? that's 2 tweets per min. don't think i'd be able to reach 2000 tweets before morning class today...
thought that there will be a powercut at 8. nope. there isn't. yay!
Dhoni's preference: &quot;Veil, of course.&quot;
that completes one hour of trying to stay awake but dozing off. MUST.WAKE.UP!
i'd rather watch india's batting collapse, rather than see sachin score his 100th hundred in a losing cause in this shameful series.
open the innings. hit about half of the team's total. watch your mates get out. carry the bat. follow-on enforced. open the next innings.
can we see a 300+ score on the board now? plz plz.
dravid on 99...
&quot;Dravid might stay unbeaten this innings and have to come out again as an opener when India follow-on. That will require some real effort!&quot;
and gokulashtami poojai is on...
back to the old market.
microsoft does. :P
there's an app called smsBlocker on the android market that does that.
lol. hitler and hp. http://t.co/ivRSEY2
wow! just what I wanted! http://t.co/2QL7pZ4
what is that code in the background?
and why exactly am I not able to follow new people now?
and yeah, good morning folks. awesome weather at chennai...
twitter DOES need to roll out new features. improve lists, give some new designs, improve your people search, DO SOMETHING!!
Dash dot and more - Saar! Auto?: http://t.co/BRS5x9h
should write a twitter bot to find out which accounts are twitter bots.
lol. where do u search? twitter?
don't think so. they r emotionally drained after the world cup, kirsten's departure &amp; ipl. he would have taken care of tat.
really awesome! Clicking on hashtags seems to crash the app, though.
feels good to see some tweets abt myself. :P will retweet them now.
felt good to give a lightning talk at the #GTUGChn kickoff event today. :) #fb
GTUGChn
fb
that was an interesting video session with Shashank from Google. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
intro time. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
that is exactly what a service is!
and #GTUGChn kickoff has started. is delivering the keynote.
GTUGChn
why isn't any1 else tweeting about the gtug chennai kickoff event? #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
its actually &amp;gt; 150 million android activations now. :) #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
they're now playing that &quot;100 million Android activations&quot; video at #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
lol.
announcement by @ImKarthikK: #GTUGChn kickoff will start in 10 min. waiting for other enthusiasts.
GTUGChn
the first gtug chennai event is gonna start now... #GTUGChn #kickoff #fb
GTUGChn
kickoff
fb
New version of tweetdark free is much more awesome now!
Am at #GTUGChn now. With my parents. :P
GTUGChn
is it possible to get tickets for 2 people at the event? I have one and I'd be accompanying them.
any windows mobile/phone developers in India? whom can I connect with?
fake news: facebook buys palm. all social networks abuzz with 'facepalm' moments. @fakingnews
google+ completes me.
just woke up now n got to know about HP's future plans. BIG news.
good morning tweeps! have a wonderful day! :)
Conversation with Torvalds. http://t.co/GRySuUY
yikes! already 7 am! i can't stop reading these tech blogs.
not in the mood to go running now. will rather sit in room and code...
let us wait for it to dawn. we can at least see how wet the grounds are, behind our hostel. that'll give us some idea.
dunno. the ground might be wet. what shall we do?
good morning tweeps. :)
Long day...
Science: Five Little-Known Inventions From Deceased Robot Maker George C. Devol - http://t.co/4FPoXTj
haha http://t.co/uw3MDN8
even startup founders give lectures at UC Berkeley. so, my point is, becoming a prof is over-rated. i feel its not worth it.
twitter could do with a +1 button. i wouldn't want to favorite or retweet all interesting tweets.
and is awake now. can go jogging... :)
Kernel modules must have at least two functions: a &quot;start&quot; function called init_module() and an &quot;end&quot; function called cleanup_module()
ping me when u wake up. we'll go jogging.
oh, yeah. good morning tweeps. :)
Simply awesome - and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet http://t.co/Spdr4lQ. I hope I get one.
Will Google Lure Microsoft Into The Cellphone Briar&#160;Patch? via http://t.co/Qsm4feu
&#8220;Defending&#160;Android&#8221; via http://t.co/sqemUm1
something great is gonna happen today. i can sense it.
Apple&#8217;s Evidence In European Galaxy Tab Injunction Was Seriously Misleading&#8230; As In&#160;False via http://t.co/ebuFmyP
which one?
he got placed there? or is he our campus representative? @_iakkom
what is this about u and directi that i hear? @_iakkom
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE GOOGLE-MOTOROLA DEAL: Google Had To Do It--And It Could End Up Being A Disaster http://t.co/2UP6cXV
today's google doodle suddenly seems to look more like the motorola logo now...
maybe microsoft will acquire nokia now.
awesome news for google and android fans: google acquires motorola!
gonna make dosas of all varieties now... :)
eight tweets make a twyte.
what u upto, today?
good morning tweeps! :)
dad sure needs some rest now after driving for so long. as usual, i slept off during the boring parts of the journey. so, feeling fresh! :P
gosh! that trip to surutupalli was long, hot and tiring but it was fun and exciting at the same time too!
back home at last!
Off to surutapalli now.
finished gayatri japam now. :)
its my dad's bday today! happy birthday @simulation!
lol. what happened to gayatri japam? when u doing it?
its ok da. good morning! :)
i am NOT supposed to feel sleepy now after sleeping for such a long time today afternoon!! but i AM feeling sleepy...
u awake?
its goosebumps da
games on google+ are awesome!
time to rebel.
dang! slept for 4 hours again, in the morning!
happy aavani aavittam folks! just got back home after poonal changing ceremony... :)
why do i feel tired already? i must have slept for at least 3-4 hours today morning...
lol. even has a klout score of only 84.
disgusting sehwag.
u sure? i doubt it.
i just love typing nonsense on twitter!
klout is not a game, my friend.
hope to work on something related to twitter sometime soon...
dei dei. too much da! :P no football too, plz. :D
can everyone stop talking about cricket for a while? it hurts.
is any1 else having problems on facebook?
&quot;Your account is currently unavailable due to a site issue. We expect this to be resolved shortly. Please try again in a few minutes.&quot; - fb
is on a retweeting spree. if someone is following me on mobile, i'd suggest them to stop it for the next few days... :P #twitter #athome
twitter
athome
when will samsung galaxy tab 750 (10.1) be available on flipkart?
finally! the group has been created. welcome, fellow admin.
good morning tweeps! :)
got 20 min left to pack my stuff and here I am, before my comp, tweeting...
going to dosa mela at sangeetha's for dinner tonight. and then leaving for chennai. dear home, here I come!
whew! that was one hectic week at coll! glad that it has finally come to an end... almost.
windows mobile is over. i think u might be referring to windows phone...
good morning tweeps. another day nearly full of classes, coming up...
Evicted from my room by insects!! Gaah!
classes seem to be going fast. wouldn't say that about evening life...
fingers and arms screaming in pain! played mirudangam after months! feeling good. :)
The Hindu : Columns / Nirmal Shekar : Dravid deserves greater respect: http://t.co/akWrDII via @AddThis
Its important to keep ur ideas under wraps until u implement them.
this is the third continuous day that I am having a nearly-full day at college!! #eksi
eksi
planning to listen to classes from today... :)
oh. cool. asked because I got placed at Microsoft. was v curious n didn't know whom to ask. thanks anyway! :)
just wanted to clarify. Microsoft employees have the freedom to use non-Microsoft products like GNU/Linux as their OS, right?
already 11 am! gotta wash clothes b4 continuing work on #gsoc project... :(
gsoc
good morning tweeps! gotta get working. #gsoc
gsoc
wait. was the accident at sometime around 5pm in ecr road?
shit!! one of my closest childhood friends passed away today evening in a car accident!! shocked to get the news!!! :( :'(
Tired...
hi. i got to knw abt u in that html5.in conf last year at chennai where u talked abt css3. a doubt. do u work at microsoft hyd?
enjaai!
i hope that they don't chuck me out because i refuse to use the OS that they make... what am i supposed to do?
nope. forever GNU/Linux. more of an ubuntu fan actually...
damn! i never thought my twitter handle that way. i don't use windows... :P
what is windows xp?? (looks around to see if any1 else knows...)
Yawn! Good morning tweeps!
jus realized now. even the matrix had agent smith. #justsaying
justsaying
feeling depressed/angry/irritated/tired/sad?? listen to some music!
Awake at last... #goodmorning
goodmorning
feel sorry for mozilla! :( http://t.co/iOGbS46
bot from ur id to tweet greetings at regular intervals to specific people so that they don't feel that u r ignoring them. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
different forms of tweets that appear personalized to specific users. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
i believe and will have more #ideasfortwitter too.
ideasfortwitter
an AI program that tries to determine what ur mood is, from ur latest few tweets. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
a programming contest site that takes tweets as input programs for judging. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
let me a create a new hashtag on twitter and see how far it goes. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
my reaction wasn't for ur mokka. it was for getting placed in THAT company!
paappom paappom. either i won't be in THAT company or THAT company would have become the biggest champion of open source cos of me
angry that i'm being associated with something dumb. :P THEY WILL NEVER BUY MY VIEWS!! NEVER EVER!! NOOO....
my dad is live on radio at http://t.co/TNHUQix on aboorva raagangal part 2. 90.1 FM.
Fedora 7?? U must be kidding me!
congrats @_iakkom!! awesome job!
life's good when u have download speeds greater than 1.2Mbps.
wow! congrats guys! all the best for ur next round! u guys will surely get it!
ok. cool. i'll be going at 10.30. will come to room before that anyway. let me know if u change ur mind.
thanks da. my phone ran out of charge. i called her a few min back after putting it on charge. thanks anyway. :)
oh. cool. good luck with second round. :) btw, sp2hari is in garnet tonight and is leaving only tomo. coming at 10.30 to meet him?
back in room? what's ur interview status?
that's strange. i remember not being able to do an svn checkout from college...
interviews going on? good luck buddy. :) can u msg me when u r free? want to ask u something.
and the best gift on my star bday so far! commit access to the official wordpress android app! yay!! sign that i have finally grown up!
had an awesome dinner with the legendary @sp2hari!! planning to meet him again in a few hours. he is simply superb! learnt a lot from him.
Awesome star bday so far!!
Going to be the toughest exam of my life...
its disappointing days like these when I feel that I should stop watching/following cricket...
I believe that they came out with such an algo just for fun...
yep. :)
searching on google news for &quot;govind tiwari&quot; will give u a better picture...
he's a random guy who's infamous for creating the worst-looking blog one could ever create...
feels good to view a bit of nature whenever I look up away from my laptop. http://yfrog.com/h0tu9wgj
RT now just gonna wait for #basha to trend on twitter :)
basha
thanks to for gifting me these awesome headphones...
feels that headphones around one's neck look cooler than over one's head...
no. observed that i'm putting on weight. would love to start running long distances...
Integrating is tougher than developing stand alone parts of a program.
Must start running.
According to tweetstats, is the second highest person whom I have replied to, via twitter. The first is his old twitter handle...
Creativity is the father of Invention.
my situation is worse... :( couldn't go even though I had a ticket...
&quot;Lie! Run! Hide!&quot; Ya. Ok, right.
exactly.
There'll be a day when companies expect candidates to write program solutions in less than 140 characters...
lol. I wanted to say that first. But changed my mind later. :P Btw, did u just say 'apt'? I expected 'yum' from u...
someone with a rhyming nickname. where the nickname's first 3 letters are &quot;kay&quot;... ;) :P
I hereby christen my room as &quot;Anirudh's Laboratory&quot;.
did they just buy me and my views? no. they didn't. i still stand by what I've said...
Ayo kadavule! Some student next to me putting scene after first round. Irritating!!
vaazhkaikke machan...
Moral of the story: being good feels good.
When will I ever see a linux system being projected on the screen for these kind of presentations?
The organizing fellows from my coll r here. They're checking d sound system with some random music that sounds like a harmonica...
When was the last time that I arrived first at some place? This feels good...
No. I am not taking part in non-technical activities anymore...
what a lousy performance! :( #tc #srm
tc
srm
at ilab with @gklsndr...
awake at last...
That was another boring class. Relieved that I need not attend anymore for the day...
Sadly, I am so pazham that i'm scared to bunk classes...
WHAT.A.BORING.CLASS!!
TIL that Eric Schmidt was the co-author of LEX!
wow! awesome article da! thanks for sharing.
thank u! :)
thanks da. :)
didn't like it. expected more...
Disappointed with deivathirumagal...
Deivathirumagal with family now.
i think its karaharapriya da...
awesome bday gift! thanks!! :)
Had an awesome evening at bessie with parents!
ipl DOES improve cricket relations b/w countries. couldn't have expected pk n kp congratulate each other at the end of yday, if not for ipl.
now listening to Neevanti Daivamu Shadanana - Bhairavi raagam by Malladi Bros...
just realized that my typing speed has improved considerably over the past few weeks. touch typing finally seems to have paid off.
want inspiration? here it is... (in case u already haven't read it) :P http://t.co/kRKrCo1
oh. just realized that i have classes from 10.30 today. read it as 1.30 yday...
good morning tweeps. hope to have a better day today.
Shocked to know that google labs will be shut down!
That completes 2 boring classes for the day. Hope the next one is better...
Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me. #launch http://t.co/NlcH2PR via @vizualizeme
launch
only google can have white backgrounds, is it? i'll have a white background for my twitter profile too! (...pukes in the background later)
gnome3 is the worst thing that ever happened to fedora...
hmmm... how is twitter working properly on chromium - fedora 15 now?
i knew what today's google doodle was about, before clicking on it! that's because i was a bio student in 11th and 12th... :)
lol... http://t.co/lw3qzWg
@ home away from home... #spiderlab
spiderlab
Dear professor, if u r gonna teach us how to use the web, y dont u teach us how to brush our teeth, how to eat, etc as well?
I keep half-expecting the sites I write on my notebook, to automatically get converted into hyperlinks. @kgdinesh
yeah. official gingerbread update has been released! is it available in india? will have to check now...
so, now i am supposed to update my video card drivers and reinstall the adt plugin?? surely, this is a joke, right?
damn! i shouldn't have update my adt plugin...
enough of studying for the day...
where art thou?
back in college machis!
Nice. This compartment actually has got 2 plug sockets for every 8 seats, for charging laptops and mobile phones. and they actually work!
back home after shopping for clothes for bday. :)
god! still so sleepy...
lazy sunday afternoon...
:D just kidding
wait. I am an executive member of Amruthavarshini right? does it mean this? http://t.co/fX5PIoL
u should maybe try the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Load from snapshot&quot; options...
yay! android app is free from ads from the latest version! way to go!
last day of summer hols 2011. what do i do today? hmmm...
Tendulkar seems to have a long list of people who have got him out as their first wicket.
wow! thanks!
2 out of 3 electives? i think i'll drop kunwar....
hai! jolly! can timepass in daaktar's class...
hotot new UI doesn't appeal to me
experiencing awesome download speeds today!
is awake once again...
why am i suddenly having a download speed &amp;gt; 2Mbps ?? how come?
or break jagi's phone. u'll feel better. @ashwinjagadeesh
time to step on the gas pedal!
just realized that my phone's earphones are more comfy and provide a better effect than the normal earphones i lost a few days back...
am all the more motivated to work now! keep the cash flowing, guys... :P
passed midterms. :) congratulations to all other gsoc students who passed!
got a congratulatory mail now! thanks. :)
hey. sorry to bother you. just want to confirm. all procedures for midterm phase have been done from both our sides, right?
almost there...
font size? :P
at least commentary on cricinfo?
needs a chrome addon to convert all those hindi statements typed in english on facebook, to actual english statements. #cantunderstandathing
cantunderstandathing
i see many ppl use that da. was reminded by @ashwinjagadeesh's statement...
y do some ppl type &quot;come on&quot; as &quot;common&quot; ?? doesn't it mean something else?
gnome3 is worse than unity. u dont make me happy when i'm not able to customize u... :(
Nice post about Sammy. http://t.co/DBDI10B
thank u! thank u!
Iphone? Nope. My android. #customizability http://yfrog.com/klkitp
customizability
past 14 hours = 3 hours of sleep + 11 hours of coding!! whew!!
machi...  nee gethu da!
can't restrain myself from saying &quot;MUHAHAHA&quot; after writing some really nice code...
If I had been a twitter addict, I would've tweeted abt the minor road accident I witnessed outside my window jus now. But I'm not, u see...
first, i made my ubuntu look like a mac. now, my android looks like an iphone! :D #customizability
customizability
not yet. will try soon.
Reached home. Yay!
ya. Realized that. Wish the bar was thinner. The whole thing looks awesome anyway!
good luck! :D
Hope someone comes out with a lighter theme too, of tweetdeck...
Could do without that white bar between tweets though. #tweetdark
tweetdark
Wow! Tweetdark is awesome! Exactly what I wanted.
nice dp :-)
yep :-)
thanks. :)
Strange. Not getting sms for twitter replies...
we're on our way...
reached home?
market link for the app? Can't find it through mobile.
wru guys?
I think i'll have brunch today.
wru guys now?
Chanderpaul century! #whattaman
whattaman
who holds what positions in amruthavarshini for this year?
so what's the news from coll? what do we take with us?
do i integrate twitter with google+? nah, i don't think so. at least not yet.
working during weekends gives a nice feeling... :)
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! &amp;lt;pause&amp;gt; noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!
:D :P
oops! meant &quot;3rd year hols&quot; in my prev tweet...
wait. even if i return home in a few days, is today the last day of my 3rd sem hols?
thanks to my mentor's dvorak keyboard, i had an awesome voice chat with him today! :P
night out dhaan today! never have been so excited about my project, now that i've completely understood everything that is reqd!
just realized the power of discussing things thru skype over discussing the same thing thru irc channels!
don't think so...
i forgot. i got some amruthavarshini post right? :P what was it?
for those who use w3schools: http://t.co/WnerSoI
as usual. cheapness. http://t.co/KVcHEmW
in fact, its my backup mentor whom i'm interacting with, for the past few days. he has lived a few months in india! :D he knows. :)
both my mentors r v cool. they don't mind all this. but i feel ashamed to tell them how pathetic our country is....
lol. not him da...
ashamed to tell my mentor that i couldn't come online because of the power cut here in TN! WHERE IS MY CONTINUOUS POWER SUPPLY, CM??
yay! power back at last.... can now get back to work!
Worst day of hols ever! Think its a 9-5 power cut! all work stalled...
bleddy mosquitoes, y u stab me?
Androinica &#187; Android Market website ratings: a week of rants, reviews, and reality checks: http://t.co/Oq6aXK6 via @AddThis
elders say that only studies soru podum. i am hungry right now. what am i supposed to study?
omg! is truly awesome!! u might love it too!
3 maidens in a row! http://t.co/HsgpERL
u don't need to have a comp. how abt a mobile app? would be great to receive more of ur tweets...
AAAAAND... &amp;chbh=a does the trick! thanks to my mentor for pointing out how stats are implemented in the ios app! :)
and the new honda city arrived today! congrats @simulation!!
i want to make rage comics on some of my coll mates...
its not even 12 hours since i woke up but the day seems long... must be because i am working...
what is Kieswetter doing?? allow Cook to score a century!!
come on cook! get that century!!
cook seems to be playing his best odi innings ever!!
so, facebook decides to ask users to download an exe file for video chat?? that doesn't work even under wine for me... facebook is fail.
How to Sell Like Steve Jobs http://t.co/9Bcs9q5 via @copyblogger
sure! leaving to coll on sunday.
cool. thanks! :)
considering free anti-virus s/w for mom's netbook. ur suggestion? is avast still good?
love the background music too! http://t.co/U0cFiNf
have always loved these wafers...
yep. most of my work would finish by next week anyway...
cleaning up my inbox. setting up new filters b4 i leave to college...
some ppl don't use the reply button in twitter. wonder why...
am back on twitter!
rain!!
suddenly, life seems good...
taking up the job of fixing the algorithmist website and updating stuff, as my responsibility. does any1 want to join?
Facebook to launch its own country to take on Google Plus: http://t.co/IK5oKtB
Twitter Is Obscenely Profitable http://t.co/TphfLb5
ada paavingala! chennai not available as an option yet... cha.
wait. was the &quot;Add my location&quot; option available earlier for chennai tweeters? nice...
awesome! http://t.co/ofaUAYT
IBM develops 'instantaneous' memory, 100x faster than flash http://t.co/pamLr0v via @engadget
lol http://t.co/vJaVu0W
some prob with my android virtual devices. they crashed &amp; had to be force closed. seems a few of them were running in the bground...
omg! i just now realized why my lappy was heating up like a furnace...
my thought process, instead of &quot;oh! map is a hash! oh! dictionary is a hash too!&quot;, is &quot;oh! map is a dictionary!&quot;. i learnt python b4 c++ stl
what happened?
if u post that u'd need just one mark to pass, a sadist teacher would 'like' it, while a nice teacher would +1 it. #googleplusvsfb #mokka
googleplusvsfb
mokka
oh. i don't think the it'll get released officially before aug 30. that's when my project officially ends.
dei! the wordpress app has been in the market for a loooong time. i am working on it to 'improve' it...
Manmohan Singh laughs out loud at Ranbir Kapoor&#8217;s DoCoMo joke: http://t.co/yoUBap8
wait. Google! U r supposed to inform me when I get access to Google+!! Not wait for me to find out on my own...
I still can't figure out where my code exceeds the time limit!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh....... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!! TLE!
i'd dump facebook for google plus any day! now, if only someone would send me an invite...
gave off 2 of my shirts which i had outgrown, to my maid servant for her son. been quite some time since i last did that. feels good. :)
when u feel bad for having committed a mistake but dunno whom to apologize to, append #sorryshaktiman to ur tweet... :P
sorryshaktiman
omg! a c++ program has been waiting for input in my terminal, since morning. noticed only now. #sorryshaktiman
sorryshaktiman
I think it is during the evening only. Anyway, not adyar. Mandaveli today.
grand sweets dhonnai! \m/
must be due to that coldact that i refused to take but was finally forced to...
waking up after nearly 14 hours of sleep...
century only now. :( but better late than never...
darn headache!!
If life provided me an auto-complete option, i'll tab my way through final year of college...
oh. hostel fees by 20th july is it? I was worried that it might be 20th june or something like that...
I have no idea about date. I remember seeing some notice in hostel about payment of fees. What was that about?
when should we pay college fees? Is the date over or something? I remember seeing some notice...
ppl start thinking only when they shed their ego...
whatay sleep that was!
what's worse than lazy noobs? conceited lazy noobs!!
TIL what the DRY priniciple is...
hai! nice new youtube... :)
write code - check. write report - check. commit code - not authorized to commit!! u kidding me??
report submitted! can go to sleep peacefully now... :)
just realized something. u'd have to enable the snapshot feature while creating the avd...
hic... i must somehow stop these hiccups. hic...
linux
oh. i use only froyo... never knew abt gingerbread...
best to use the avd manager as u r doing. when u create one, and click &quot;Start...&quot;, u'lll see the options. saw in some blog.
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
googling about this problem would help u better...
have u heard abt sukumar prasad? he used to play carnatic music on guitar. no news of him for years. trying to find him...
it'll take time to close too. the next time when u launch the avd, remove the save to snapshot option as it is set the 1st time
it is usually slow the first time. b4 starting the avd, set the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Launch from snapshot&quot; in avd manager
...and i hate eclipse too...
i HATE my AVD's...
there is more to this code than that meets the eye...
had a gut feeling that it will rain today. so it does! awesome!
argh! everything is so complicated!! life is full of dilemmas...
a mistake that i keep repeating is that i give preference to clean, reusable code even when time is running out.
lol. mishra seems to be the highest scorer after dravid in this innings. well played.
dravid top-edges bishoo to give mid-on a simple catch. that's the end of a v fine century and the indian innings...
dravid six!! u don't see that v often...
nice innings from mishra. sharma on strike now.
ouch! sammy tempts mishra with a loose delivery outside off. mishra simply cuts it, only for third man to collect the catch easily.
Facebook Connect Updated | Codechef: http://blog.codechef.com/2011/06/23/facebook-connect-updated/
and just when i was thinking that rampaul wasn't leaking runs, mishra hits him for 2 consecutive audacious fours!
50 run partnership between dravid and mishra now!
i just love ravi rampaul's bowling! makes the batsman earn every run...
yay!! dravid century!! awkward shot but still an awesome innings...
dravid nudges the last ball of the over to third-man to take a single. moves on to 99.
with a leg glance to mid-on, dravid takes a single to move on to 98 now...
dravid on 97 now...
why would i want to sleep during the night when an india test series gives me company?
wow!!
even my parents find the weather here in Chennai to be horrible. and by that, I mean that I am not fussing.
ah. it is v cool and pleasant in Chennai during night time... WITH THOSE AC's SWITCHED ON, OF COURSE!!!
oops! was referring to a wrong file now. names of files should differ by more than just one character...
i feel that dark themes appeal more to me than the light ones...
after a few weeks, i think i can say that fedora 15 with gnome 3 is worse than ubuntu 11.04 with unity...
that was one long nap! don't even remember at what time I dozed off b4 the comp...
what is the quickest way to invoke nautilus? i think Alt+F2-&amp;gt;.-&amp;gt;Enter
one koshtin. was symbian really bad?
feeling really comfortable about twitter only now . cos of twidge...
I am using twidge to tweet about it! lol. https://github.com/jgoerzen/twidge/wiki nice.
system slows down drastically while running firefox 5 on ubuntu...
no auto-complete in firefox 5 too! disappointed...
netbooks are just perfect! but mom doesn't allow me to install ubuntu in hers... :P
then go for a netbook! simple. :P
lol. according to me, laptops can't be replaced b4 2020.
ah! voice! the form of input i dislike the most. i'd look like a chatterbox while tweeting, won't be able to do personal stuff, etc
its difficult to hold tablets and type at full speed at the same time... it might not be as convenient as laptops.
i wouldn't want to use a desktop while sitting on the bed, sofa or anywhere outdoors. that's why laptops originated, right?
so, if tablets are going to be docked and worked with, using a manual keyboard, i'll still call it a laptop.
nothing beats the convenience of a manual keyboard and a screen which u don't have to hold, for long usage.
i thought u meant bigger size for convenient usage...
what is the difference between an oversized mobile phone that shrinks and a normal mobile phone?
what?? u say there'll be oversized mobile phones and they'll shrink. we already have them!
will an oversized mobile phone even fit in our pockets?/
by 2020?
lol. I am already on it for a long time. In fact, even my parents use dropbox...
why suddenly now? isn't Dropbox old and famous?
can i know how u built it? there isn't any for chrome yet.
usb consumes less power. power consumption for phone 2g&amp;lt;3g&amp;lt;wifi&amp;lt;wifi hotspot, i think.
sad fact is, it doesn't matter much, even if i do get hit by a bus... :P
stupid me. i have all along connected my android phone to comp thru usb to use the internet. just realized the portable hotspot feature now.
wow! just now realized that the spoj rank tracker on firefox was done by you!
TIL I learnt what Bus Factor is...
going through my project history on its blog now...
Kasab offers to share the menu card for long term jail inmates, with kanimozhi... #fakenews
fakenews
Awesome 3g speeds all of a sudden!
most of ur followers seem to be bots or unknown ppl, y r u even tweeting?? aale illaadhe kadaikku tea aatharaiya? :P
my bro is still a twitter noob. i think i'll troll him... :P
celebrating special days like father's day isn't about showing ur love on that day. it is to remind how u have to be always...
every day when I wake up, I search online news for the official release of gingerbread for my samsung galaxy ace...
which phone?
the ind vs eng test series promises to be awesome!
ian bell has always been underrated... awesome series for him!
rm -rf /* ?
my bro's on twitter finally. he registered long back but never tweeted. irony is, his name is his twitter handle: @adithya
AOL Hell: An AOL Content Slave Speaks Out &#171; News http://t.co/MxlXJcE via @thefastertimes
good morning tweeps! that was one hectic week. hoping to have a nice weekend...
i sure have earned my weekend this time!!
very difficult to code when mood out...
its split into 500, 2250 and 2250. 500 now.
yikes! seems citi accounts are being hacked and some gsoc students have lost their money! thankfully, i still have mine! headin to atm now!!
http://yfrog.com/kjf8pkj windows... the real world is beyond.
I think i'll try my hands on photography soon...
my first purchase on flipkart...
which version? what's the problem?
Like the tweetdeck post widget on my home screen...
yeah. fb groups r awesome. I meant that fb apps hv a huge impact. not huge hit.
I get silly stuff on my news feed from some of them. need to go block them. they think everyone is so eager to knw wt they're upto
buzz includes gmail contacts. fb provides apps. and tht is a HUGE thing. but on fb, wtvr I post goes to ALL my friends n relatives
interesting stuff like videos and links. I want to find old friends n mantain contact. Not follow whatever they're upto.
Posting what u r upto right now,on fb feels like bragging,to me. I wud've followed u on twitter,if I hd been remotely interested in all tat
Why does tweetdeck show user details only in portrait view?
personally would like chrome browser to replace the android default browser on phones
i feel that the biggest competitor to chrome os or chrome browser on phones will be google itself, through android
I dunno which looks better: ubuntu 11.04 with macbuntu theme, fedora 15 with gnome 3, windows 7 or the chromium os i'm using right now...
nope
why don't u have a proper twitter dp yet?
don't ever to do a &quot;note to self&quot; on twitter. do a instead.
upgraded chrome to 12.0.742.100. hopefully i can play flash videos better now.
i have ALWAYS felt that chrome is better than firefox. i meant that shifting to firefox from chrome is almost impossible for me.
i will think of permanently switching over to firefox only if the address bar autocompletes what i'm typing.
lol. now it seems unfair, is it? http://t.co/SdiJnS3
no da. i really meant it. heading over to stackoverflow.com...
post ur queries at http://t.co/yyIRXXV :P
On a more serious note, I better get back to work.
Come on twitter! Give me more useless information for me waste time on.
feel like puking at windows start menu search. not working for months and no easy solution to it.
my twitter password has been changed to ******** (its hashed. so my original password might not have the same number of letters.) :P
yep. http://t.co/Q2Zndei
lol. what happened after that?
really wish that the next version of firefox autocompleted my url just like chrome...
why didn't headlines today do an extensive coverage about the issue before he died? plz take it up atleast now.
just a few more seconds for kate to get installed on windows...
what's their reason?
does searching on wikipedia help?
framework in what sense?
expected more from safari. not up to the mark...
this worked. http://t.co/kzhXIw0 just modified the solution in the first reply and it worked without a hitch.
recovered my Windows 7 at last, after a partial night-out!! Yay!! Triple booting Ubuntu 11.04, Fedora 15 and Windows 7 now!
Congrats!!
those guys are straining themselves to dig the road. they just don't realize that pouring something equivalent to rainwater will do the job.
http://yfrog.com/kf1lkaj suspicious looking men digging up the road in the middle of the night, outside my home. traffic sign put up though
i know it has awesome specs but not an absolute must for coll goers like us. there'll be somethin btr when we start working.
of course, i meant that galaxy ace is awesome enough for me in my previous tweet...
galaxy s2 seems worth it only if u have a deep pocket. it is almost double the price of my galaxy ace which is awesome enough for me.
thanks anyway. i have been without windows for quite a few months. would be prefer a completely risk-free approach to recover.
yes. but no official upgrades for it in india yet. http://t.co/6Kz3VEy
have kinda heard abt it. of course, i replaced fedora's grub to ubuntu's grub2.
u got an iphone or are u in a showroom? how is the native twitter app?
i have no idea! :P i never spent time understanding what all that meant. just wanted to have the latest distro! :P
Why I love and hate having a smartphone - The Oatmeal http://t.co/cJNlrTW via @Oatmeal
lol. &quot;might&quot;? that makes me a bit scared to try...
Help required. How do I recover Windows 7 after Ubuntu and Fedora install? Exact problem here: http://t.co/uDyU6TF
go outside and close the door. :P :D
is this the end of scheduled powercuts?
i have started loving my project much much more, all of a sudden!! dunno why exactly though...
i rarely use torrents...
Setting up Kate snippets http://wp.me/pP4hy-2B
i think it means playing only for pride. there is not much else to win, once the series is lost.
am all set for a heavy nap this afternoon. slept late, woke up early. perfect.
awesome profile pic!
have u tried freecharge.in? i think its good. works fine for me everytime.
searching for &quot;macbuntu 11.04&quot; on google shows my blog as the 3rd option and searching for &quot;macbuntu on ubuntu 11.04&quot; shows it as the first!
I'm at Anna Centenary Library (Kotturpuram, Chennai) http://4sq.com/ljWKEL
exactly!
? so?
where old woodlands drive-in was. near gemini flyover. parents say it is near stella maries coll.
yep
Semmozhi poonga is okay... Not awesome or anything.
aaathaaaa!! naa pass aaaayiten!!!
lol. jus saw the account. Ippo enna panna pora?
I shifted to chrome the next day. :P Echofon is the best for ff. Love the side pane option.
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 3 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2p
wanted to watch Alice in Wonderland since a long time back. found it in bro's lappy today. sweet.
lol. no. its going to be Alice in Wonderland...
mood out. need something to distract myself...
exactly...
learning to play the guitar with the help of today's google doodle is the in-thing now...
after 3 days of breaking my head over a bug, i show my code to my mentor. he points it out in a few seconds...
pains with/without glasses. finding it difficult to adjust to it.
please headache.leave me alone,
sick or slick?
Maaveeran in tamil...
it hurts whatever power u have. u must be knowing that. been without glasses for almost a week now. strain.
Power back after 310 minutes...
4 hours 15 minutes now. Even college was better...
Alwarpet.
3 hours and 15 minutes without power now...
2 hours and 15 minutes. still no signs of power coming back...
maybe a leg count of 44,000
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 2 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2g
enough blogging for the day. planning to come up with more tomorrow. till then, good night tweeps.
Still don't believe me? http://wp.me/pP4hy-2f
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 1 http://wp.me/pP4hy-26
I remember the first time I came upon svn. I couldn't figure out what exactly it was, for quite a few days... :P
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 0: http://wp.me/pP4hy-24
ya. -0.5 in left eye. headache for the past few days...
gotta wear glasses from tomorrow... :(
Macbuntu in Ubuntu 11.04 http://wp.me/pP4hy-1V
is my excessive sleeping due to my current eye prob or has it become a habit or is it just laziness? can any of my medical friends clarify?
it used to be one hour earlier...
gah! that 2 hour powercut was irritating!
one more #kde application that I love: Basket!!
kde
back on twitter. nothing can stop me now.
Sad that almost everyone seems to support either one of the two sides, both without any credibility. #babavscong
babavscong
I don't trust any baba or godman.
Manmohan Singh needs a magic wand. U r not a street magician. U r the pm. Shows that u yourself r either inept or corrupt. Disgusting!
Tiwary evades the questions posed to him and runs away...
Dei, tiwary, answer those qsns by Jethmalani now!
and the week starts... #mondaymorningblues
mondaymorningblues
listening to music after so many days!
chennai's weather is no different from trichy's. :(
&quot;trust-me-jayabalan&quot; or &quot;trust me, jayabalan&quot; ? :P
what happened to me??
Some kids from US are so well behaved. But most are not. #sad #fact
sad
fact
So, do I have any more of these ill-mannered brat-from-US relatives?
Just got to know that Ganesh and Kumaresh are distance relatives of mine. :-)
sitting in a random park in bangalore and working on lappy. awesome weather too...
games!! Heavy games!!
Damn! I think must wear glasses now! :(
Ouch! Came to bangalore for a marriage. it seems the bride's dad passed away yday n marriage postponed!
so, did u actually send ur 1000th tweet to me?? :P ;)
that was development da. this is programming...
ouch! so out of touch that i am struggling to solve programming problems now... :(
Dunno whether to laugh or cry - &quot;Chinese teen sells his kidney for an iPad 2 - Telegraph http://t.co/UbFgrH3 &quot;
Government releases official yoga position to remove corruption: http://t.co/exQJfyP
Why Facebook is Scared of Twitter - http://t.co/37n6bbP
hurray! my code works properly now!!
I still can't believe that some ppl still trust this govt!! minister-steals-a-telephone-exchange-loots-bsnl: http://t.co/h6jnVhy
Oracle 'donates' OpenOffice.org to Apache foundation | ZDNet UK http://t.co/vQbWdzS
my first-ever screencast! :P http://youtu.be/WiA0CGh2UkE
can u make the Twitter id in the website linked to the twitter account and clickable?
dei, dk. when u r putting up a link, don't put a full stop immediately after it. twitter recognizes it as a part of that link!
not exactly. i made it a point to change my twitter background everyday. that's all.
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;After the Rain&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
ouch! installed some random twitter background only to realize that, that site had spammed my twitter timeline too...
i live in alwarpet and it is raining here
and the rain starts! perfect weather.
woke up just now. looked up at the sky to find it absolutely dark at 4.30pm!!
Heavy lunch, warm weather, power cut, pleasant music... zzzzz...
yay! life is so much simpler now. i can code what i intended to do, now... #android
android
ah. now i realize that there is a compatibility library for older api versions, to implement fragments...
so badly want fragments and action bar to be back-ported to at least api level 8! would be so much easier to code then... #android
android
cool. jayalalitha saw me now. she must be privileged... :P
i am being plagued by something like this... https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/compiz/+bug/778490
:D RT: @Aarthi_2410: toxic dose of ur thathuvam. Am already hyperventilating :-D
not yet. all the way, flags, banners and posters standing...
think tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha would be passing through the road, where my home is, today...
when u have an opportunity to do a good deed, do it. one of them might go a long way... #thathuvam
thathuvam
good morning tweeps. this is a fine morning...
ah! very tired now. gonna sleep early and wake up early. new habit from now on.
goodbye bad habits!
had a wonderful time with every1 during grandma's 80th birthday celebration!
Grandma's 80th bday celebration! (@ Matsya Restaurant) http://4sq.com/ipH10Y
I will RT this now. :P
Grandma's 80th star bday today. Returning home from kapaleeshwarar temple now.
yes. it did. :-)
Booked tatkal tickets with my #android thru #opera with #3g. #win
android
opera
3g
win
http://yfrog.com/h0ls0dnj My new tshirt from :-)
Linus Renames 2.6.40 Kernel To Linux 3.0, Announces Release Candidate http://t.co/KOIPigt
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Garden Wallpaper&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
yay! got my first t-shirt from now! looks great!
#ubuntu11.04 - #chrome.  #fedora15 - #firefox. #android - #opera.
ubuntu11
chrome
fedora15
firefox
android
opera
#opera on android is super awesome!
opera
went on a #firefox add-on download spree! sooo many add-ons now! yay!
firefox
of course, its obvious what it is. but why the underscore?
leaning towards #firefox more than #chrome now...
firefox
chrome
RT dai y did u change ur name??
ROFL! SO TRUE!! RT: @krishashok: Back after a break. Late night snack #tambrahmrage http://bit.ly/jP9K48 by and @krishashok
tambrahmrage
Good morning tweeps.
there! it crashed again!!
u kidding? my 11.04 keeps crashing at least 5 times in a day!! dunno y.
damn! #ubuntu! stop crashing!!
ubuntu
just had a epiphany! time to set my priorities right...
think i solved my problem of forgettin #topcoder #srm's. setup #google calendar to remind me thru emails, popups and #android notifications.
topcoder
srm
google
android
how abt applying for indian citizenship? :P ;)
Back home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Home) http://4sq.com/l2YweE
I just became the mayor of Anirudh's Home on @foursquare! http://4sq.com/jeoQbu
introducing my mom to #dropbox now. :-)
dropbox
At Grandparents' Home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Grandparents' Home) http://4sq.com/keBSg6
RT @lut4rp:  I'm not &quot;on&quot; twitter. It's asynchronous. If I get a notification and the message needs a reply, I will.
the more i use twitter, the less i use facebook...
#NowPlaying Shri Maha Ganapathe by Balaji Shankar - Abhogi Raagam - Kanda Chapu Thaalam
NowPlaying
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Moonlit Meadow&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
this is more complex than i thought...
accidental power nap! :P
no dhoni for WI tour...
i always seemed to like #firefox #addons more than #chrome #extensions. the way chrome displays its extensions doesn't appeal to me...
firefox
addons
chrome
extensions
time for an haircut...
good morning tweeps! feels great to have parents back at home!!
yeah! but i keep missing almost every srm!
HATE MYSELF!! missed registering for today's #topcoder #srm today too! was watching csk bash rbc around...
topcoder
srm
any luck with ur phone? tried &quot;Wheres My Droid&quot; ?
lol. I don't think I've ever recorded a video from this phone. Never thought about it. :-P
galaxy ace s5830. Really good.
my first salary is still sleeping in my gsoc atm withdrawal card. badly want to get something BIG for my parents with my first salary...
not everyone does.
u there at #rubyconfindia?
rubyconfindia
what about Settings-&amp;gt;About phone ?
some lady complaining on a news channel that gold prices are too high for middle class ppl like her. y buy gold then?? #showoff
showoff
lol! Ha ha!
Wow! mobile.twitter.com is awesome!
meant that too under editor... :P RT: @batusaix911: or like an IDE :D
life is like a text editor. u may not like what u have, but u can always customize it to be the way u like it... #thathuvam
thathuvam
this article might convince you. http://www.androidtapp.com/wheres-my-android/
i think the default text msg is &#8220;Wheres my Droid&#8221;. u might want to be there in the location before msging.
of course, i mean installing through web. http://bit.ly/jElUjm
i am trying to say that u can install it now too, through the android market. u wouldn't have to confirm at the other end...
I'm one of the first in line for the &quot;One Page Twitter Dashboard&quot; from #TwitSprout. Join me  http://t.co/GgTLq6j via @TwitSprout
TwitSprout
seems that #mci delhi is heading towards the same scenario as that of mci chennai. good start, then becoming absolutely boring...
mci
y don't u check?
i just followed 4 guys who were tweeting about #mci delhi. my timeline is full of their tweets now... :P
mci
just when i was thinking whether my eyes were tricking me into believing that the twitter details pane was thinner... http://tnw.co/jWI2U6
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.alienmanfc6.wheresmyandroid
u can install Where is my Droid through the market place onto your phone and make it ring...
no kung fu panda tickets available in satyam for tomorrow. inox website not working properly...
i can't believe that is following me on twitter!! feel so honored...
when u r not hungry but still want to munch on something, don't go for junk food. try munching green bean sprouts instead. #healthytweets
healthytweets
lol. he won't read my tweets da. don't worry. :P
The Da Vinci Code was running on Sony Pix now. The poor direction reminded me of Sachin's poor captaincy in yday's match...
no da. am trying out new themes daily. tweeting abt them so that my followers can try them out too...
i completely forgot that i have an extra white panel for my mobile! i think i will try it out now...
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Rectangles&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps. have a great saturday!
yeah. remastered ubuntu. http://www.oslike.se/
googling about macbuntu might help. most of those sites have screenshots...
yes, it did! sadly macbuntu doesn't seem to available for ubuntu 11.04 yet. i think those guys are making it a fork of ubuntu.
and of course, for the mac experience, i was using macbuntu on my ubuntu 10.10 for a few months... :P
btw, i haven't attempted recovering Windows in my lappy. Windows7 doesn't figure in my bootloader. not interested in it either.
lol. I downloaded Chromium OS a few months back and installed it on my pendrive and tried it. :P don't use it much though...
no no. I had Eclipse in Fedora 14. Now have it in Ubuntu 11.04. overwrote Fedora 14 with 15. So, downloading Eclipse for 15...
i think i'll just download eclipse and android sdk in fedora 15 too, to be safe. will be my download for the night...
i think i'll be done with my work by tomorrow morning. gonna sleep now. gotta wake up early tomorrow.
#guake looks very nice in #fedora 15...
guake
fedora
@dorait: any tech meetups this weekend in chennai? been a long time since I attended any. dunno where exactly to find...
did u have a look at samsung galaxy ace s5830? i think it is pretty good. ~15k. worth every penny.
good night. :)
i think u were waiting for such an opportunity to tweet about, throughout the tournament! :P
has firefox plugin-finder service EVER found adobe flash plugin? i think not. #firefox4
firefox4
why are the firefox guys so keen on maintaining space for the title bar? would like it be how it is, in chrome. #firefox4
firefox4
browser is where twitter is... #echofon #firefox4
echofon
firefox4
sadly twitter.com is crashing even in chromium... #fedora15
fedora15
although i might want csk to face mi, i think rcb deserves to get into the finals, more... #ipl
ipl
frankly saying, MI must produce such a performance today, to make the world believe that it deserves to get into the finals. #ipl
ipl
sometimes, major decisions in life might be based just on small reasons... #thathuvam. like changing browsers, for example...
thathuvam
gnome3 might not be perfect, but #fedora did the right thing by moving to gnome3 if they wanted to stand upto ubuntu and compete. good job!
fedora
#gnome3 looks good. but cannot say that it is very customizable...
gnome3
that's strange! twitter.com keeps crashing in chrome fedora 15...
ani who? me?? i dont even have windows on my system since february!
100th century at Lords would be the best!!
lol. no right click almost everywhere!! #gnome3 #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
typical. firefox occupies more screen space than necessary in #gnome3. #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
fedora 15 is good. i like it. :)
tweeting from fedora 15 &quot;Lovelock&quot; live cd. gnome 3... i think i'll take it.
downloaded #fedora 15 once again! hope it works properly this time...
fedora
some #kde programs that #gnome might never be able to beat: kate, yakuake and k3b.
kde
gnome
the Jura mountains in Switzerland.
#lessinterestingbooks Bored Ultimatum
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks Harry Potter and the Bengal Prince
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks  Harry Potter and the Prisoners of Tihar
lessinterestingbooks
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Daytime Daffodil&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps!
I earned the Lone Wolf sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/kyC9ft
proteinex is the best!
RT Awesome free ebook of startup wisdom from Hiten Shah, Noah Kagan, Patrick McKenzie and others http://bit.ly/MicroConf2
Anirudh S looted a cool item at http://t.co/Y7Vo6bE 0 ago
wow! that sure would be superb!
lol. my coll's curriculum is pathetic! the teaching is worse... just passion to write code drives us forward...
sure. right now or long term? i study at nit trichy. 3rd year btech comp sci. right now working on the app... :P
yeah. working on the existing android app of wordpress...
AAAAND... ITS MY 1000TH TWEET!! 4 figures. ;) &quot;dedicate&quot; it to my amma - - the best mom in the whole world!!
some stats: 50% download of fedora 15 over. today is my mom's star bday. this is my 999th tweet. ;)
kinda yes. dunno what to plan...
dunno. parents wouldn't be at home...
would like a tweeple meetup at chennai. would be fun! any1 up for it?
thanks da. :)
the starter kit contains a pen, some documents to be read, a cute notebook and the prepaid card... #gsoc
gsoc
yay! got my google summer of code starter kit now ! :-)
wait. when did fedora 15 stable get released? @kadithya: u know?
klout is cool. i like it. @klout
just had tomato soup made my grandma! was awesome! perfect for this weather...
very cloudy here. might rain later in the day... :)
wow! awesome weather at chennai today!
good morning tweeps. will be working the whole day today...
timeline problem - Twitter Status http://t.co/tbMoSRo via @twitter
still not able to recover my timeline... what is going on??
what just happened? my timeline disappeared! #twitter
twitter
want a a csk vs mi finals this year too. after all, noone would mind losing to SRT. of course, i'd expect csk to win! #ipl #csk #whistlepodu
ipl
csk
whistlepodu
why would ravi shastri have to carry his personal computer along with him to tweet? he can always tweet from his mobile. #ipl
ipl
why should I implement a GridView? I can as well implement nested Linear Layouts if i know how many elements i'm using...  #android
android
whattacatch! #whattaman #srt
whattaman
srt
just received 2 coupons for discount of 100Rs on Inkfruit t-shirts, through freecharge. can i use both coupons on the same tshirt?
omg. just now woke up after a loooooong sleep.
ok
cycling in the evening. will check availability of movie tickets.
ya. some1 online.
hard-fought draw! feels great after being on the brink of losing...
must be greater in size or space than what's allowed...
y don't u have a proper twitter dp?
if u already haven't bought an inkfruit tee #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
if u r gonna tweet just to win free t-shirts #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
in my college, comp sci subjects are taught better in other depts like EEE and ICE. sad. and would agree...
neatly explained solution for second shortest path. http://bit.ly/mIJXwk
wow! linux using javascript! http://bellard.org/jslinux/
feel like going through topcoder algorithm tutorials now...
and how is it that i have never come upon this? it is just awesome!  http://oeis.org/
this is good. http://jlongster.com/s/dom3d/ lags a bit in my browser though...
&quot;The distance between two points on a sphere will be proportional to the chord connecting them.&quot; hmmm...
http://groups.google.com/group/algogeeks is the link. u can join the group if u r interested. (a li'l spammy though)
solution didn't exceed expectations. typical O(log n) solution only. but one nice obsvn. not considering leading zeros. so n always odd...
reading a discussion on finding whether the binary representation of a number is a palindrome or not...
ubuntu mouse pointer lag hurts... painful to see it move across slowly...
so, i guess i'll go read those mails for the next one hour... #algogeeks
algogeeks
abt 550 mails in my mailbox under the label algogeeks. been filtering and storing them for a long time without reading them properly...
is planning to go on a tweet spree soon. mobile followers, if any, please be warned...
nothing motivates me better than failure! let the coding begin...
damn! so close to submitting solution to 500 problem! #topcoder
topcoder
&quot;error: declaration of &#128;&#152;std::vector&amp;lt;coin&amp;gt; coins&#128;&#153; shadows a parameter&quot; - very helpful. thank u! #sarcasm
sarcasm
when was the last time i saw dawn??
there! this is my twitter theme for the day.
I just rated 9 Superhero Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/kEVgGy
am thinking of getting myself a t-shirt from seems good...
feel good to wake up early! especially this early!!
it feels funny when u sleep for long and wake up at the time when u usually go to sleep daily...
32 degrees C. chennai alwarpet.
some guy in my timeline retweeted stuff from microsoft about windows phone and all that... immediately unfollowed him.
lol. i AM planning to... :P
wow! that was awesome! my new cycle is very comfortable, i must say! exceeded my expectations. full 10 out of 10!
time to go cycling! :-)
almost dozed while watching tv... i dont even remember what i was watching... back to work.
RT @cricinfo_news: Anand Ramachandran on the awesomeness of Chris Gayle | Page 2 | ESPN Cricinfo http://t.co/hDMJorf
interested in learning magic tricks? watch Indrajit Murali in sri sankara channel at 1pm on weekdays. he's really good...
i'd say zaheer khan instead of bollinger or praveen kumar...
gotta resume working now...
yay! connected to the internet thru ubuntu!!
my ubuntu not connecting to my wireless connection even after multiple restarts. dunno why...
y isnt my internet connection working???
want to put the netbook at home to good use. any suggestions?
changed my twitter background after a looong time. feels fresh and different now. must remember to do it often...
to sleep or not to sleep? irritated that code isn't working. not sleepy either...
very misleadingly titled article...
Rahul Gandhi
i think u look the same even now! (tat foto)
dhoni can't do anything wrong today! de villiers goes... #ipl #csk
ipl
csk
peanut butter
t-shirt or shirt?
Get free coupons with every mobile recharge http://t.co/y7HgnEJ via @freechargein
dmk complains that Rebecca Black was responsible for their 2nd successive horrible friday. makes &quot;tgif&quot; taboo within party.
yeah! me too.
if they had been THAT brave enough, they would have surrendered on their own...
i dedicate my 900th tweet to @simulation! he's my dad and he's fun to follow on twitter...
now plz shut that stupid channel down...
news channels...
for all those who pronounce kanimozhi as kanimoli or kanimoyi, this is the way to do it. http://vocaroo.com/?media=vmXAMIUIrhbl6CGWr
i think i might move over permanently from vlc to banshee for music...
Support #Android, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/3c9veB - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
Android
twibbon
Support #WordPress, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/6HK8am - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
WordPress
twibbon
I earned the Check-in Rookie sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/llWuUm
I just rated 12 Animation Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/j5eVSr
i dont think i'll have a use for fedora anymore... installed eclipse, adt plugin and other necessary stuff in ubuntu 11.04...
I earned the Addon Adhesive sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/mkJWL2
tweetdeck, where's my droid, barcode scanner and maybe gmote too...
u can try chromed bird for tweeting. it has an url shortener within it too...
Sir, if you can click the reply button every time u reply to someone's tweet, we wud know in what context, ur tweet is in. Thanks.
A letter to Rahul Vinci (&quot;Rahul Gandhi&quot;) https://www.facebook.com/topic.php?uid=111552515531825&amp;topic=924
thank you @twitvim!! this is really awesome!
I can now tweet from vim!! Awesome!
anirudh24seven
do u mean gilly and marsh?
of course!! :)
we can get our phones upgraded from Froyo to Gingerbread. i.e. Android 2.2 to Android 2.3
of course, it'll happen only later for India...
Did u hear the news? Gingerbread Promised for Galaxy Devices by End of May http://bit.ly/m1oCOF
decided that i'll sleep throughout the morning and afternoon on weekdays and do a night-out daily. can't stand the summer heat...
for every arbit tweet that i see, i am unfollowing that person. feels good to keep my timeline clean...
yeah. saw those &quot;scenarios&quot; article on cricinfo? they haven't updated it after yday's match though...
oops! lol. yeah... even i want bangalore to lose...
he knows that no total can be small enough for gayle. smart playing... #gilly
gilly
planning to install a lot of chrome extensions...
oh. 21st of this month? will check the invitation for the exact location now. am coming...
how abt http://theme.wordpress.com/themes/clean-home/ ?
my work is related to d UI. existing app has an old style interface which is not v intuitive. trying to make it more easy to use
if u r usin twitter through twitter.com, u'll usually see &quot;# new tweets received&quot; which u'd have to click. this eliminates tat
modifying the existing wordpress android app...
cool. :)
Auto refresh twitter - Chrome Extension. u ppl might like it. http://bit.ly/eKMPnG
wow! @HowStuffWorks's android app is awesome!
9-5? which day of the week? i'm having daily power cut from 11 to 11.45...
Mini idly and masal dosai at grand sweets. :) (@ Grand Sweets) http://4sq.com/kgN4D4
maybe its an Apple-sponsored attack to make the masses believe that iPhone is indeed popular... #facebook #spam
facebook
spam
will unfollowing constitute fair play?
i judged a book by its cover and i turned out to be right ! :P
what a wonderful morning! forced myself to wake up. am all eager to visit the koturpuram library today... have a great day tweeple!
of course! very true...
they are responsible for powercuts, water shortages and bad roads. it affects everyone. that's why we vote...
now, the question is, &quot;who will become the opposition leader?&quot; gabdun or mk ?? #tnelections
tnelections
Facebook admits hiring PR firm to smear Google http://t.co/yn44TPh via @engadget
http://brooksreview.net/2011/05/ballmer/ Can anyone challenge these views?
BREAKING NEWS: Mother's day celebrated again in TN, 5 days after original Mother's day! #amma #tnelections
amma
tnelections
both the major parties promised freebies... and one is leading. is it still a snub? i think ppl still want freebies...
which constituency? mylapore?
depends on how many seats his party manages to win... :P
do u know abt mylapore? how can i find out?
lol. http://gabeswebsite.com/images/funny/wrestle.gif
not so disappointed though. got the 500 right. whew! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
read the qsn wrong for 250. thought that final configuration was given n was asked to calculate the initial config. #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
me! me! me too!RT @ashwinjagadeesh: Anyone else feeling ashamed to say rahul gandhi an indian?
gaaaah!! made a mistake in my solution! damn!! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
intermission phase now... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
if it is c++, then i think http://cplusplus.com/reference/stl/ can help u a lot...
why's that?
lol. only 15 submissions for the 1000 pt problem so far... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
i HATE youtube!!
u seem to be in a good mood. guess what i had for dinner now. :D (u'll surely love it if u try it!)
why is  http://developer.android.com/videos/index.html down? shows a 404: Not Found error!
wow!! i was just searching for the same thing!! thanks!
wikipedia did say thru twitter that there might be some problems, right?
i was all excited about google music beta and requested an invitation! only to find that the service was available only in the US... :'-(
Want to watch the keynote speech by live streaming. But leaving for a movie now. :-( #io2011
io2011
never realized that if u enclose text with * in gchat, it appears in bold. for example, *hello* will make hello appear as bold... #gchat
gchat
haha. i &quot;dedicate&quot; my 800th tweet to you with this reply!!
oh. never realized that i am already close to 800 tweets... this is easy :P
there can't be a new TR-rage... cos he's already T 'RAGE'ndar...
i think i am so getting used to working from home... :P hope that the habit doesn't continue when i get a job...
#chatzilla is my favorite irc client...  the only reason i have got firefox running on my comp, actually...
chatzilla
bad luck. my q&amp;a session with the #wordpress community has been scheduled to 10.30pm today. wud be in satyam watching Ko with family. #gsoc
wordpress
gsoc
yuvraj with ganguly now... :)
videos are always an awesome way to learn stuff.
wonders why gtug chennai doesn't have a twitter account yet...
when hasn't Microsoft tried that?
ganguly's strike rate is 0, right now... #ipl4
ipl4
want to follow all google sites on twitter? here is the link... http://www.google.com/intl/en/press/twitter-directory.html
rightly said! :)
wish twitter provided some badges... or wait! is twitter awesome because it doesn't do all that??
my thoughts exactly !! :P
machi. just noticed that you have more followers than following!! #celebrity da nee! @Satish_NR
celebrity
i think i might reach 800 tweets by today...
thanks! :)
myself, sriram, sagar sumit and nivash went through a few rounds but didn't get it. not sure about nivash...
feels that most of my college mates cannot stop bragging about their internships on facebook... grow up ppl! what say ?
Lunch over. Was good. :-)
for that he should try. We shouldn't try... :P
lol. No no. the talks on #android apps r usually awesome... #io2011
android
io2011
everyone is capable of everything. What we do determines who we are... #thathuvam
thathuvam
acquisition of skype by microsoft confirmed... :(
gotta have lunch now. will maybe tweet from my mobile then... :P
wish that the Action Bar widget was available for #android versions &amp;lt; 3.0 too...
android
the more you learn, the more you can think and come up with better ideas... #knowledge #thathuvam
knowledge
thathuvam
i haven't downloaded google chrome 11 on my fedora yet, just because i don't like the logo... :P
nice to see that you are still concerned about the indian education system. i gave up long ago...
and while you are it, you can check out the actual #io2011 website too... http://www.google.com/events/io/2011/ #google #awesome
io2011
google
awesome
going for 'ko' nightshow at satyam today... #ko
ko
what if i can't go to #io2011 ? i'll live stream it or look at it online later... :)
io2011
wonder why gmail every time seemingly seems to be loading something for a loooong time while nothing is actually loaded... #gmail
gmail
love the android app for google i/o 2011... looks awesome! http://bit.ly/knyOMt check out the screenshots! #io2011
io2011
i think i shall start tweeting...
lol at @RajivMakhni's remark that its sad tat mobile manufacturers haven't yet come up with a phone for ppl who can't use one of their hands
can u summarize what is different in this year's contest from last year? i want to know before i get into it...
u r a chennaiite if u r tweeting about #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
if u can't finish ur dinner at a restaurant, ask the waiter to 'pack' it... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
anyone living in sowcarpet is a settu... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
always quote half of ur intended price to auto drivers. they are sure to double it. #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
ah! that feeling of satisfaction when ur mom hands u cold coffee at home... #priceless
priceless
To kapaleeshwarar temple now, with family. :-)
i want an awesome reminder app for android. free app, of course. any suggestions?
it is just awesome!! my default twitter client on mobile. extremely user-friendly! #tweetdeck
tweetdeck
it would. one might never know when he'd be armed again and destroy countless lives again...
sleeeeepy... want to replace my broken ubuntu with something proper b4 going to sleep. found that 11.04 wasn't to my liking.
disappointed and disgusted with  #natty... #unity
natty
unity
counter-intuitive,unnecessarily takin up valuable screen space,flashy enuf to please all kids.congrats ubuntu! u sure have dug ur own grave.
damn! I didn't da... :-( semma flop. I didn't even meet ht ma'am as senior couldn't contact me due to some mobile problem... :-(
dravid's wicket would cheer up randiv after being slammed around by him...
@Messidk90: think its time that you learnt that its 'loser' and not 'looser'. u r gonna be a final year student soon... @Satish_NR
gotta start packing now... sigh... #boring
boring
yay! exams over! spending time on learning more vim stuff now... #vim #fun
vim
fun
guess so...
listening to Sambho Siva Sambo now...
now playing PuliUrumudhu. in the mood for loud, noisy songs now...
Damn! RT No undue sympathy to students falling short on attendance: Court http://bit.ly/km8cJm
an experienced user like u had to search for the terminal! that's just bad. #unity
unity
http://t.co/W73ex9F For those who are still fans of #ubuntu, 11.04 has been released. #unity
ubuntu
unity
I remember celebrating the release of 10.10 not long ago. I dont even feel like trying 11.04 though...
Worm horror in Subway chicken sandwich http://t.co/sVN6Wlc
Softlinks vs. Hardlinks: A Quick Explanation | Techthrob.com http://j.mp/k7iSek via @AddToAny
great to have you back on twitter !
i dont think i'd want an ipad at any point of my life. #ipad2 #india
ipad2
india
Big shoutout to all fellow hackers . Be there at 'Triggr The Mobile' on 14th May 2011, Noida http://triggr.in #triggr @triggrin
triggr
should pause the work on my project. time to have breakfast. very hungry.
the most attractive employer in india! http://t.co/dTaPT2N5
yahoo made so many awesome web products. it started going down when it stopped innovating.
whew. power back. can start working on my project now.
hmmm. this bing desktop app is decent.
want. when will lumia 900 start shipping to other countries like india?
good morning! :)
lol. no thanks. :D
enough of twitter. finding it difficult to study.
luckily, i was advised not to go home and bring back my windows phone. would have been heavily distracted by it, now during exams.
enjoying the rain?
i wonder what is the point of studying all this if i am not able to write it in the exam within the given time. :-/
they should give extra 15 minutes in exams for slow writers like myself. :P
only solution is to listen to music from my comp. :-/
this random music from the 2nd floor of my hostel is at a perfect sound level to keep me disturbed. neither too high nor too low.
point taken. :)
news source?
going to change my approach to studying. will first finish studying the summarized version in my notes and then read the textbook. #adbms
adbms
Bayern hs bn knwn to b involved wit charitable ventures,helping other FC's in financial disarray as well as ordinary people in misery. #wiki
wiki
my support for today's match: Bayern Munich.
:D
slowly getting into knowing more about football clubs. looking out for a team to support.
And both, dropbox and skydrive allow you complete control over your files. they remain yours and yours alone.
Not to mention that Google can use all your files in whatever way they want. Google has surely become evil with its terms n conditions.
Google drive's 5GB looks stupid in the face of 25 GB offered by Microsoft skydrive.
they effectively shared the cost of the patents  and both of them can use all those patents under a licensing deal. nice.
Microsoft selling many of those AOL patents to facebook is a good move for both of them.
synset in nltk is awesome!
want a python interpreter on android. how difficult will it be to implement? hmmm...
i want to sleep. :( but no power in hostel. might have to sleep in clc itself.
i don't think i will be participating in topcoder srm's in a long time. the last 2 were hard enough to make me lose my interest.
there. another huge drop in my rating.
nope. i am no way consistent.
wow. whatte result. failed system test. :-/
there is no such thing as too much internet.
based on text mining, sentiment analysis and twitter. :)
windows phone development is good. i feel that it is easier and better than android to work with. i haven't worked with ios though.
i think that there is no point of waiting for this topcoder srm results anymore. it could take up the whole night.
moral of the story: speak up if you don't like something. u might come under heavy fire initially but u'll finally get what u want. :)
there. issue solved. classmates shifted their mokka posts to another new group. :)
will the central lecture hall complex be open for students in the mornings too? i can come here and work on my project tomo, then.
and i have been waiting for this for more than an hour now...
omg! it seems that the admins remembered to click the &quot;system test&quot; button only a few minutes ago! is this even true? #topcoder
topcoder
first they set problems that require 3 nested for loops and now they announce that system tests are slow. a link between the two, perhaps?
this is bad. system test results have not yet been updated. the situation has been like this for the past many srm's. #topcoder
topcoder
quantal quetzal??? seriously?? this is going downhill since the last 2 releases.
stupid classmates spamming all over the facebook group.
irritating classmates. jobless people.
very tough topcoder matches lately. dunno what is going on. number of solvers has decreased a lot.
at least i solved a problem. but wait, let me see whether it passes system tests.
wasted &amp;gt;45 minutes on one &quot;+k&quot; bug in a tc srm!! :(
i want a bot that listens to ur problems, gives solutions, makes u feel happy once again. why? cos most people are epic fail at such things.
could not sleep for a very long time yday night and had horrible nightmares during the one hour that I slept. #fail
fail
it is amazing to know what extent people can go to, in trying to defend their ridiculous behavior.
power cut. lol.
looking into part of speech tagging now. strongly feel that this is the most important part of my project.
In the middle of the 7th hour of a 9 hour power cut now. Did I mention that it is 40&#176;C over here?
Honeycomb was an aberration. Android tablets never deserved it. ICS is so beautiful on my tablet! Its just perfect on screens of this size.
i do agree that oracle is being a patent troll. but what google did was plain foolish mismanagement.
don't u think that google is at fault? they took something that is free for personal use but used it for commercial purposes.
conclusion: i can't make a nandroid backup on my tab until i free up a lot of space.hmmm.
my reason why i am not buying a ticket to google i/o: second week of office at microsoft &amp;gt; google i/o
even though i qualified, i am not going to buy a ticket nor do i want to go to google I/O this time. http://t.co/tQ8SQCkw
very bad day for my project, so far.
not forgetting that argument and holding on to that memory is even worse.
my view on michael clarke changed immediately after the first wi vs aus test match. that guy is one awesome captain!
and the first one on that list would be aokp, of course.
tempted to begin trying out custom ROMs on my galaxy tab 10.1 as well.
damn. almost forgot that i have a few deadlines to meet, today.
oh well. i wouldn't be spending 900$ (plus more for travel and acco) to visit google i/o anyway.
i hate these power cuts. :(
lol at the mail discussion among iit-m profs.
wow. i thought my college admin is bad. iit madras admin seems to be worse.
the problem with my studying style is that i tend to start all over from the first, every time i sit down to study.
mokka authors. talking about black holes enveloping the earth and destroying all the data in a text book.
i hope there isn't a power cut at 9.15.
3 types of storage - volatile storage, nonvolatile storage and stable storage. #adbms
adbms
i think i will study for my exam tomorrow before working on my project again.
i have ended up writing a bit of ruby code and getting to know that i might have to learn a bit of perl and snowball as well!
this is going crazy. i thought i could do my project in java, python, c++ or some other language that i already knew.
you awake? one doubt in rts portions.
How much has wb actually improved under the new cm?
Of course, I was not referring to any elder sister of mine in the previous tweet.
Bratty, immature and just plain intolerant. #didi
didi
bored of reading already. guess i'll work on my project for a while now.
reading the output returned from a twitter api call now. so much data! makes me feel wow!
the twitter api kinda returns a comedy xml though. wonder why hastags have an extra &amp;lt;text&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/text&amp;gt; tags around them. hmmm...
random powercut. :(
can retrieve 3200 tweets using my ruby code now! #relieved
relieved
tc
i thought that at least round 1c would be easier. :( this is insanely hard!
exhausted! :( but i knew that this would happen.
thanks! :)
codeacademy is easily the best place to learn coding for beginners.
very important day tomorrow. google code jam and topcoder open round 1c.
your thoughts on the newly created Microsoft Open Technologies?
Sweet in mess today for Tamil new year http://t.co/JqE1L5rV
when will my wp7 ever come? :(
always felt that people who can paint are v interesting people. good job google. more of them will be known to the world now. #artproject
artproject
wondering what this google art project is.
ok.
even feels that my room feels stuffy and hot.
I woke up now and felt just the same. http://t.co/seseHn7S #feelingthesameasameme
feelingthesameasameme
Challenge accepted.
Trying out bubbly. This is kinda cool. Listen at: http://t.co/JRxpywSC
Wow! These prickly heat powders really do work! #summerheat
summerheat
Can tweeting about studies actually help in studying? #importantkoshchin
importantkoshchin
announced where? anyone from our wing?
Lol. Coin attracted to a magnetized tester spinning crazily in front of a table fan. http://t.co/UcJaB2Pn
i am going to change.
this is crazy. power is back. what is going on?
power cut again.
so, google+ has something that looks a timeline too.
the google+ plane never took off and it has burst into flames already.
lol. what happened to the interface at google+??
muhahaha. power back.
no water in cooler. dying of thirst and dehydration!
what the hell! power cut again! i dont want to live in this stupid place!
I just love the keys on my l lappy http://t.co/OTI28Ke5
Dear fan. Y U NOOO SPIN?  http://t.co/evQJ5aOH
outrageously funny!! http://t.co/8gYmVpWG
realized that some users do not want to believe that every piece of software runs on code.
Extremely dehydrated. :(
Friends doing what they usually do http://t.co/VCarFYWf
laptop low battery. i think i'll study something from my tab now.
LOL!
using my table fan again. yay!
successful project review. :) our hard work paid off. yay!
time is 10:07 am #uselesstweet
uselesstweet
i'm impressed with the content-price ratio though. #funbook
funbook
lol. this funbook pic shows IE as an app. but the fact is, there is no IE on android! http://t.co/9gDHYEpX
realized that it is always best to be neutral towards companies, platforms and all kinds of software. #onemightneverknowhowtheychange
onemightneverknowhowtheychange
after all, project is for 6 credits (=2 subjects) and each review is like a CT. better to focus on it now.
i think i will concentrate on my project for the next 2 hours and shut down my laptop before the power cut begins.
was looking into codeplex now. i think i'll rather wait for it to gather some momentum before hopping on to it.
now that i have decided to become google-neutral, i am now moving my codes from http://t.co/VxKtMI8w to github.
ok ok. :D
summa da. Leela, ht, ssk, msb and a few other profs had a meeting. That's all.
couldn't resist taking a pic of this conversation :D http://t.co/jFtLPfne
:D
My precious http://t.co/r0FgTbGl
Random window http://t.co/xqGFj8I8
wattabottle http://t.co/dlwljqZl
'Maad'ern college http://t.co/0Pre27NO
looking into powertop now.
having green font on a black background does not make one a 'hacker'.
some secret meeting of the 'rebel' profs going on. plz note.
damn. the ideapad yoga is priced at 1900$!! that is way too costly. :(
and that of course means that i can be on twitter as well. :P
trying to download ieee papers related to sentiment analysis from college lab wifi now.
Last 1.30 class ever!
fb should have produced an instagram rival last year itself. approx 30$ per user on instagram to buy it out.
That was a great session with my project team mates! Feeling confident about my project now. :)
u submitted?
when submission? Tuesday only, right?
yes da. :(
omg!!! completely forgot!! have a huge assignment to finish!!
kalaai max! :D http://t.co/hZiwvG91
waiting for lumia 900 to start trending on twitter.
all of us suppli then. :P
there. perfectly caps a horrible day. didn't get my windows phone today. missed most of csk match. couldn't study properly. flopped tc now.
solved the 250 extremely slowly! worst performance ever. no time to finish 500. #tc
tc
sadly, i slept off and missed round 1a.
topcoder open round 1b starting in a minute.
monday morning.
oh. ok ok. thanks da. what else news? when is project review? this thursday, friday?
ok. thanks. how were the ct questions?
what to study in rts and adbms? the portions discussed on the fb group?
need help about what to study and how to study.
machi. need help about ct da.
no idea da. came back yday night.
Cleant it in spite of my mom's protests. Works without a noise now. :) yay!
For so many months, my home pc used to whine and groan so loudly! Opened it, found that there was dust accumulated on the fan.
Dad singing http://t.co/yOrcVHOS
do blog abt it da. Want to do the same.
Chuck this stupid adv dbms subject. Going to switch to rts now.
If there was something that motivated me to study, it was the fact that my friends were studying too. Now that is also gone.
When everyone else was studying, i was enjoying. Now i have to study, when everyone else enjoys.
idlis are best eaten with the help of yoursporks. i just did. :)
Ranganathan http://t.co/uci2ExoY
i frankly don't see the point in dancing. i came here for food. please stop dancing people, so that they van serve us food.
they can force me to the dance floor but they can't make me dance.
can feel the whole place resonate due to this extremely loud music!!! mavane! i am going deaf!
won a Microsoft bottle. yay!
with the new t shirt that i received http://t.co/OioOzmQI
Just posted a photo http://t.co/x9aKO6vK
at Hyderabad. for Microsoft new hires day.
Hotel Tara http://t.co/vA5n1Js7
Just posted a photo http://t.co/gShkjTtP
Just posted a photo http://t.co/NO5KTYQ2
Just posted a photo http://t.co/iHmqVbEj
First http://t.co/kz1FfgzF
instagram for android!
Hyderabad airport is beautiful!
hmmm. i might be working on visual studio. i might even get what i want, too. get to work on windows phone, perhaps?
in airport waiting for ranga.
Ct 2 over!! :D for me, at least. ;)
thanks da.
need notes for central bank da. can u take photo and upload?
Google's Apr1 pranks sound so mokkai.
why?
my class rep is an idiot.
galaxy ace.
damn! forgot about today's topcoder match and slept off in the evening! remembered only now!
apps related to carnatic music. nothing much actually.
damn. i sat down to read about text mining and ended up making a rage comic!
great that the guys at http://t.co/xp3gl9J4 replied. their reference links would be useful for my project. :)
hmmm. what do i do now?
Back to omega. But its v3 now. Blazing speed... :)
Every single fourth year boy must have come to the mess for evening snacks today!! What is happening??
Raining suddenly like a big storm here!!
Missing my phone camera. Moving to omegav3 from cm9.
totally love this!
this was just waiting to happen. regionalism on twitter.
it doesn't?? :D
got my flight tickets to attend new hires day. :) #microsoft
microsoft
and i think the best reflection of that transformation is metro.
microsoft is surely transforming.
i hope that i get a lumia 900 when i join office! :D
hmmm.
rapidminer is awesome!
not bad. i am working on my project without getting distraced by twi... OOPS!
was so happy that i was working on my project properly from today. saw that my prof had already mailed me yday asking abt my progress!
not yet. will be receiving a htc surround very shortly. most probably would be getting one when i join office too.
Nice! Windows Phone was not supposed to get LTE support  till Apollo. http://t.co/ERwI0c76
ah ha! look at this. http://t.co/FerRJQNL
this is strange. i didn't unfollow anyone recently but when i go visit a few people's profile, it says that i don't follow them anymore.
i used to loathe power cuts when i was a kid. i don't even know what term to use to describe my feelings for them now.
cyan!
Lumia 900!!
6 signs Microsoft has got its mojo&#160;back http://t.co/l7zhhKrq
reading a paper titled as &quot;Towards Linux as a Real Time Hypervisor&quot;. interesting.
Temple run is finally here on android!
or even view it on your pillow cover! :)
realized the same thing last week.
of course, i'd be getting it for free from microsoft india as part of that &quot;i unlock joy campaign&quot; for developing 4 windows phone apps.
it might not be the latest wp but am still eagerly waiting for my htc surround as it would be my first #windowsphone experience!
windowsphone
dunno da.
dunno what will be done.
ind eco only. he seems to be as lazy as me. :D
ranga. :P
at least i don't look sincere. :P
just realized that some people are not as sincere as they seem to be. #assignmentteammate
assignmentteammate
ah. the moment i close twitter, the attachment starts getting uploaded properly.
hotmail doesn't seem to be very good in handling attachments. this is so frustrating!
wow. http://t.co/Cb7U5SA1 has improved its website a little. looks more pleasant now.
Adithya from comp sci. was known as &quot;Mess&quot;.
doubtful. am a final year at NIT-T right now. got the news from my bro who was 3 years senior to me here at NITT. disturbing news.
u from NIT-T?
running ICS on my phone! can't believe it!!
finally!!
hmmm. seem to be stuck on the start screen.
wow! the starting animation rocks!!
whew. installed successfully.
60% over. system being installed right now.
flashing cm9 beta5 on my galaxy ace now. hopefully everything should go fine.
the team behind interviewstreet seems to be  doing a wonderful job! can feel interviewstreet's presence almost everywhere now!
and the best part? my rating was as low as 625 at one point of time! :D feels good now.
yay! my rating crossed 1000 in #topcoder at last!
topcoder
166th in div2. hmmm. i should have still solved that 300 pt problem correctly. not good. scope for a lot of improvement. #topcoder
topcoder
Am finally able to retrieve tweets using twitter4j. More hopeful about my project now.
true that.
damn. cant even update my twitter app settings at http://t.co/vzLIMiUm. keeps saying that Twitter is over capacity.
trying out clementine now.
hilarious! Gizmodo: &quot;we gave people an ipad 2, told them it was the new ipad and they loved it&quot; http://t.co/MPD9xhMd
http://t.co/JxN4K4pE posting your question here might help.
Intel is going to insane levels to popularize its ultrabooks! Aweome video! Social experiment, it seems. http://t.co/nVX2V0uE
both. :)
i wasn't surprised by the climax but what happens in the middle of the book.
the secret of the nagas is a good book. of course, not good as a stand-alone book but along with the immortals of meluha.
missed today's topcoder srm because the rooms were full before i could register.
Power cut in hostels. Bed bugs even in AC bus, on the way home. Rotten life.
quality of cricinfo has just plummeted.
&quot;it was destined that SRT wud get his 100th century against &amp;amp; in the country where he had equalled Gavaskar's then-record 34 Test centuries&quot;
Cheap cricinfo. I bet hey would have written &quot;it was destiny&quot; if Sachin had hit the 100th at any time in any place.
@unreachableHost
why would people unfollow anyway?
omg! I think I clicked unfollow by accident! I would never unfollow u on purpose da. sorry buddy.
hosted at http://t.co/cDSeMaLy
source code?
please don't retweet this.
trying to use twitter4j now.
lol. those guys have used the same BGM in their promo trailer as my coll guys did, for pragyan. #copy
copy
kuruksastra?? seriously, what kind of a name is that?
sure! :)
back to reading about my project.
omg. i totally forgot to let twitterverse know about my new android app. here it is. Bunk Score. https://t.co/AmqBZ5S3..
Things seem to be changing at Google. http://t.co/Z1Aw9Ey1
there. topped up using freecharge.
not from this semester.
feeling very sleepy.
lol.
its 4.30! yay! running off to mess. #thathungry
thathungry
naanga nambuvom. avanga nambuvaangalaa? :P
lol.
as a student developer, i honestly think that developing for windows phone is much easier than developing for android.
will give myself an hour to finish this app.
hmmm.
hungry. :-/
dunno. not very clear about what the msg exactly means.
dunno. not very clear about the msg exactly means.
my previous tweet is the msg i got from airtel. shortened to fit within 140 chars, of course.
Ur Twitter on USSD wil b renewed in nxt 3 days n u'll be charged Rs5 for 5 days from ur airtel mobile account. To unsubscribe, dial *515*22#
wth! has airtel decided to charge users for using twitter through sms?? 5 Rs for 5 days??
i wonder where i misplaced my data cable for my phone.
first, got to finish that bunk score app.
:)
i found most ebooks too difficult to start with. i started with those tutorials at http://t.co/LBq5LZyW.
that beard gave him that thalaivar status. #baasha
baasha
it is time i admit on twitter that i have watched #baasha only once ever in my life. thalaivare, please forgive me.
baasha
no. :(
twitter, Y U NO showing #basha as a trending tag??
basha
programming isn't just a skill. its a way of thinking.
nope. not at all.
don't worry. use the right earphones. *trollface* :D
#CLT Sitapathe by Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer
CLT
one simply doesn't wish chuck norris belated birthday wishes.
72 years ago, Chuck Norris decided to let humanity know his presence.
true.
:P
been using that list for almost a year now. :)
i don't even know why i typed the above tweet. am very jobless, i guess.
cow and dog fighting near the dustbin near the mess. visible from room.
maate maladwaja in khamas ranks as one of my favorite songs of all time.
so what shall we do about the tweetup? what shall we discuss about?
check this out. https://t.co/JF5UZBLj
will let those guys know. :P
why so? why not a different model?
hmmm. looking into twitter4j now.
i hate it when klout makes me tweet stupid things to enable me to complete quests.
According to @klout, my Klout score is 51. How influential are you? http://t.co/ZETS90eO
first step. data retrieval. get me those tweets, i say.
will get started on my project now.
still waiting for my new windows phone 7 device. hope i get it at least by the end of this month.
running ubuntu, win 7 and win 8 consumer preview successfully on my laptop now. #tripleboot
tripleboot
this Boot-Repair script suggested in the Ubuntu FAQ is amazing! recovering my ubuntu grub became a breeze after installing it.
This is new to me. Never knew that power goes at 4.30 am as well. #sleeplessnight
sleeplessnight
900 kbps. good.
so what's the plan?
great! my blog http://t.co/45cyhq7N reached 15,000 views! :)
&quot;So dude, what's the new iPad called?&quot; &quot;...&quot;
Lol. I bet no blogger or tech mag guessed this name. The new iPad, it is.
The fact that there is a bias against giving respect to female people in the Hindi language speaks volumes about the people who created it.
many bugs fixed. new features added. i heard that something like more than 100,000 changes were brought about in the code.
honest suggestion. don't join my college. we are having &amp;gt;10 hours of powercut daily from this semester.
AIR 1100. Tamilnadu state 28.
NIT Trichy.
nice. :)
21. you?
i wanted to upgrade that windows 8 developer preview in my third partition to consumer preview. forgot. will do it tomo.
@Aarthi_2410, your Klout Score is decent (I'm a 51). Check out your profile today! http://t.co/DP3WPElP
I just completed the Connect all networks quest on Join me:  http://t.co/LjHpRIDg
would've retweeted that if not for the expletive. relatives following on twitter. :D
apple innovates. samsung copies. developers make it better. consumers benefit.
in brand power? surely! :)
if people researched, they would go for the one with the better config. but they don't research.
all those depend on the trust of people on apple. they dont research about products much.
i strongly feel that companies keep releasing products. so the &quot;Best Product&quot; title shifts back n forth. natural. :)
the original tab is nothing short of disgusting. the 10.1 is really good. maybe the ipad HD will trump galaxy tab 2 10.1.
exactly my point. love for steve jobs, worshippers and fanboys of apple. remove them n its a good product. not the best.
my grandpa owns an ipad2 &amp; my cousin owns an ipad.i like android as an OS. but the lack of updates from samsung? i hate.
product brand, advertising and fan following contribute to sales. if u compare them feature by feature, d 10.1 is better.
as long as there are communities away from the control of manufacturers and google, i am happy with android. :)
i don't particularly hate apple. just that my wants aren't exactly oriented with the devices that they make. :)
one need not even root an android phone to customize the looks of the OS.
i know about jailbreaking but android, by default provides thousands of launchers and apps to substitute system apps.
i chucked that slow, laggy ROM on my android device and installed a custom ROM. better speed, battery life, etc.
it is very smooth. trust me. i love apple for its innovation. but i feel other platforms provide more control for the user.
i feel customization trumps everything else. android allows a lot of customization. iOS doesn't.
i have loved the look n feel of mac os x. but i could make my ubuntu completely look like that. #customization
customization
s2 is light in weight. some ppl like the plastic feel n some dont. the bigger screen is awesome too!
Galaxy Tab 10.1 vs ipad 2. i have used both n felt the tab 10.1 was better. it has better camera too.
brand building? Yes. But best product? no. Samsung beats apple there.
Samsung is crazy. Launching so many Android phones. No brand building at all.
Google doesn't care about users with slow internet connection. Market/Play n Google+ are perfect examples.
WHY THE HELL IS THE MOBILE VERSION OF THE HINDU WEBSITE DISPLAYING FULL PAGE POP UP ADS???
Although i don't like siegler, this article is good. RT @TechCrunch: The iPad HD Sucks* http://t.co/ZDM8wyUl by @parislemon
Wow! RT @engadget: Nokia Lumia 800 update reportedly triples battery life http://t.co/h2KrVle4
If only students spent half their time of watching movies and taking photos of themselves, in writing programs...
Realized that I tweet more during class hours than my free hours.
Google play??
remember discussing this? someone already has done this. http://t.co/Ad4E45UH
Good to hear that Congress is performing poorly everywhere. :)
and with that adapter, i am able to connect my USB keyboard to my tab and tweet, just like the last tweet and this one too! :)
how could i be so careless? found an USB adapter for my galaxy tab 750 in the box that it came with, while searching for something else now!
key lime pie sounds worse than precise pangolin! what's with the ridiculous version names everywhere??
u should see their fb profile pics. @unreachableHost
we should. but i think we dunno how to get it. just feel that some1 should point out how we go abt doing it.
whom r we against? it's not that some1 is holding on to our power n not giving it to us.
i didnt buy it. The wifi-only model was released in india today.
Slept almost the whole day n feeling very groggy now.
it's just a wifi model. yeah. sad at that price.
the asus transformer prime android tablet.
Wait. So the transformer prime in India doesn't have 3g support? That's epic fail at that price!
I think I'll sleep again. Too tired to go have lunch.
Luckily, I didn't wait for it and got a Galaxy Tab 750.
Omg! Just woke up to the news that the transformer prime is coming to India for a ridiculous price of 50k! Who will even buy that??
hey, can i join u for ind eco assignment?
So hot here in college!
No balance, no signal for internet connection, no electricity, extremely hot weather! This is horrible!
Love the ASUS padfone video. Great to see how the industry is moving.
Hindi classes at last.
When will I get to drive???
Omg! In the middle of a hilarious adventure right now!
:P RT @localteaparty: Match interestingly poised
Driving test gonna start.
thank you! :)
The day has finally come. Driving test day. :)
Yay. Am a full-fledged XDA member now. Reached 10 posts. :)
Yay. Won a TopCoder T-shirt. :)
khamas is one raagam which i'll never stop loving. reminds me of my childhood, learning music from my mother and grandmother.
power back.
LOL! @localteaparty
What a Year&#8211;XDA Portal Turns Two! http://t.co/31HYz3dE via @xdadevelopers
read your mail now. shocked to know! some of us were not organizing this year. I hope the organizers respond properly.
thought so! :D what about YOU? ;)
it is 'laugh' in tamil. :D
even the blank slides? :P
Omg. Even after being told that Gayle's slides are available online, my friend was able to point out a girl who was taking notes down!
This is unexpected. Gayle Laakman's lecture is boring.
Everyone here at #pragyan enjoying Mike Brown's video conference. @plutokiller
pragyan
Mike Brown has a fitting twitter id. @plutokiller
Wow! Narendra Nayak is ripping into Sai Baba, Amrita lady, Sri Sri Ravishankar and Baba Ramdev in #pragyan!
pragyan
all of us here in Pragyan are enjoying hearing u talk. :)
Getting to know more about the favorite person I eagerly watch on TV! @xercyn
Having a wonderful video conference with (Jeff Lieberman) at #pragyan!
pragyan
Awesome time lapse videos being shown in Pragyan!
Tweetcaster for android tablets is super-awesome!
Stupid team at info desk. Announcing wrong timings for events. #pragyan
pragyan
tweetcaster pro is my favorite!
geeklist is really awesome. must start using it properly from now on.
the way my distractions have moved. reddit-&amp;gt;twitter-&amp;gt;xda-developers.
:D
I got placed before I applied to start a GTUG. :P simply involving myself in tech stuff as much as I can. :-)
yes. in last July. thanks! :-)
finally! after nearly 7 months of waiting for that mail from Microsoft, got it today, at last! :D
heard that cm7 doesnt support ace properly.
awesome speed da.
running a custom ROM on my phone for the first time! and its the super-fast OmegaRomv2 for the Galaxy ACE! thank you @CooperROMs!
Sweet, and are giving away 4 Galaxy Nexuses and 4 Transformer Primes. Wish me luck! http://t.co/jH848zeM
the extent to which people would go to promote their college fests!! some guys are adding their fest's name to their facebook name!
wanted to ask you this for a long time. was the pragyan promo trailer your effort? brilliant da!
to think that i might be able to be calm and enjoy life after my cycle tests. this is much more hectic than i thought!
hectic day! no sleep at all. :(
i hope this doesn't turn out to be a 'taking the horse to the water' story. must wait and watch.
some random hindi actor/director who makes a fool of him on twitter. @unreachableHost
lol! :D
was planning to do it yday night in the bus, but i was so tired preparing for the cycle tests that i dozed off.
finished updating necessary stuff right now for the android dev camp of NITT GTUG chapter.
good morning tweeps! hectic day ahead!
Galaxy Tab 10.1!!
I just unlocked the &quot;Bender&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/pHiftufC
I just unlocked the &quot;Campus Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/lgaxkLkR
I just became the mayor of Mechanical department on @foursquare! http://t.co/yoXHgeAo
I just unlocked the &quot;Crunked&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/FpA0NN4Q
I just unlocked the &quot;Overshare&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/0Xnkbxdl
Trying Vlingo for twitter.
I am a noob when it comes to custom ROMs. What does the latest blogpost on cm9 actually mean? How do I compile cm9 for my galaxy tab 10.1?
I just unlocked the &quot;Super User&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/a0GV72Nh
I just became the mayor of Pearl hostel on @foursquare! http://t.co/YTRJXqLG
I just unlocked the &quot;Local&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/nV1ruwBE
I just unlocked the &quot;School Night&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/D0p4azov
Omg! What an unexpected adventure! Back home at last.
Back home. That was one of the most decent journeys I had, in a long time. #nobedbugs
nobedbugs
And the protagonist of the series surely resembles my uncle.
My favorite character from the series? The janitor!
And this scrubs series gave me a great insight into their lives! Loved it.
I wonder how medicos become who they are. They are awesome!
ac bus.
I just hope I don't get a fever.
There is only one person in this whole wide world who will never hurt u. And that's yourself.
Yay! Jadeja namakke!
This is so comfortable! Studying in college library with my tablet connected to the internet using college wifi.
I just unlocked the &quot;Bookworm&quot; badge on @foursquare! Long live print! http://t.co/H56nJVp0
I just unlocked the &quot;Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/X5lkXFJa
I'm at Mega Mess 2 w/ http://t.co/rmZl1JNR
how?
No power. No water. Waiting to get away from this place.
dei. Its not an elective for us da.
http://t.co/6LtUzhwM throwing Missing X-TransactionID header error.
Why should a comp sci engineer know about all this industrial economics nonsense??
Dear prof, is it ok if I stop writing notes n start tweeting about it instead?
Bunked the first class today to spend time writing code. :-P
And the best part was when one random student came up n told that I drove nicely.
Yay! Done. Drove from BHEL to mech dept in coll. :-)
lol. Within the college campus. Talking about these mad trichy roads now.
Should hopefully get a chance to drive on the road today. :-)
That's it. Enough working on that app for today.
My previous tweet shows how headlines can be so misleading.
Meet Bill Gates, the Man Who Changed Open Source Software | Wired Enterprise | http://t.co/9yM9sACl http://t.co/a9bUjsnA
what exactly goes in those chinese facilities: http://t.co/vPVY7ePw
apple is so disgustingly evil that they don't mind inhuman conditions of workers in china assembling apple products.
oh my god! #3wordstories
3wordstories
take care da. btw, i personally use those himalaya's septillin in case of throat infection. v effective for me.
what happened da?
from now on, i promise to make a conscious effort to not loathe anyone, fight with anyone or hold grudges against anyone.
Got a new watch n flute! Yay!
that's it. i have decided to concentrate more on my project from now on.
Indha pic badgeukku onnum korachal illai.
i wish ravi shankar sir was here on twitter.
Lol. Comedy pasanga. Spelling mistakes on such a poster.
damn. this means that i can't write android apps until i get back to college. #everythingbroken #needtoupdateeclipse
everythingbroken
needtoupdateeclipse
fletcher must go.
oh. ok ok. thanks. :)
done. :) thanks.
doubt. what is #CLT?
CLT
Back home safely, at last.
Omg! They are finally here!.bedbugs!
Phew! Got out of the traffic jam after nearly an hour!
So much traffic near the toll gate that they are sending off all vehicles w/o collecting any toll, to clear the traffic quickly!
read toi.
That news about the mad bus driver? It will henceforth be referred to as Swargate-gate.
Oooh. RT @TimMoore: Larry Page To Googlers: If You Don't Like 'Search Plus Your World,' Hit The Road (GOOG) http://t.co/Ya0dPzjH
still in the bus. :D
Changed my place once again.
doesn't seemto be.
Omg. He is sitting next to me again and is trying to start a conversation with me now!
Can't switch on gprs to risk draining out my battery completely. Only twitter SMS can keep me awake now.
One thing is sure. I won't be able to sleep with this suspicious character around.
I changed my seat back to the front. Let's see what happens now.
After a while,this guy comes n sits in a diagonally front seat. N starts glancing behind to see what I am upto.
After a while, I said that i am going back n went n sat at the back.
He came and sat down next to me when the almost all rows behind us were empty.
He took some ticket for 120 only which means he'll get down somewhere on the way to Chennai.
Fishy looking character in the bus.
As usual, my phone's battery drains at the start of my journey.
Off to Chennai. Hope to have a safe journey.
These power cuts should be banned.
Tweaking my galaxy ace to look more n more like a wp7 phone. Love it!
This industrial economics class is a waste of our time.
Glad that my teammates accepted my project idea. Hopefully everything should go on smoothly.
Glad that I rooted my phone. Removed some useless apps today.
Awesome lady's fingers in mess today!
Hmmm. I thought I'd want to take a break today. But no. I think I'll go n code now.
need something to drink. parched!
successfully submitted my 3rd and 4th wp7 app today. should wait and see whether they are certified or not.
could not upload as much details as i wanted. shortened it and submitted. too exhausted to complete it fully now.
4 over so far, 150 remaining. Need to speed up.
Here goes, the countdown begins from 154 now.
So, that's decided then. Retiring from college gully cricket as well. No proper ball, no proper rules. Too random for my liking.
After what seems like an eternity, finally got the app ready. Submitted now. Hopefully should get successfully certified.
6 left.
Should ensure I go to sleep properly in the night n not doze off abruptly, like yday.
Hmmm. &quot;Google's earnings disappoint&quot; while &quot;Microsoft's quarterly profits exceeds expectations&quot;? Sign of changing times?
More importantly, I need breakfast.
9 left. I need a break.
7 out of 18.
6 out of 18 done.
Omg! This coffee tastes terrible!! Feel like puking!
Freezing cold outside! According to trichy standards, of course.
Sigh. Finished only 5 out of 18, so far.
Off to driving class now. First day. :-)
Whew. Procedures over. Off to college now.
Waiting in rto office now. Gotta wait till 12 for power to come back, it seems.
at NIT Trichy, my college. Has never been so cold here, before.
Damn. Both, gprs balance n talktime balance out. Must top up today.
hmmm. need more ideas...
should start work on my final sem project soon.
Damn. Tubelight gone in my room.
Can't believe that its so cold here in the campus!
this just took less that &amp;lt;60 seconds. #rootinggalaxyace
rootinggalaxyace
damn! am on a 7 match losing streak. life sucks! #chess
chess
At 35th Chennai book fair now. Wondering how my mom convinced me to come here.
true. but depends on whom u watch along with.
feel like punching myself in the face!
liked ur article in Business Insider on why windows phone will be a success.
a close family friend died in a road accident. he must be only 29-30 years old. got a wife and a daughter.
a few things. voter id card, college id card, atm card and some cash.
i thought yday was terrible. today seems worse.
new day, new beginning.
One hell of a night. Tortured by bedbugs for the past few hours.
yeah. :-(
Disastrous ending to a lousy day. Got pickpocketed in local bus!!
And here it is. Carnatic Quiz app for Windows phone users. http://t.co/Cy6sv0XC
opera seems to be crashing frequently for me. need some other browser that can support slow net connections properly.
that carnatic quiz app has been successfully certified. waiting for it to become active in the windows phone marketplace.
hello twitter. am back.
Library is v nice. Best way to spend an afternoon.
brought my spectacle case to coll only to find that my spectacles aren't inside. left it at home. :(
my fate is sealed. going for two tech electives.
Damn. All the good electives are getting canceled. None of my friend seem to be taking the same choice of electives as myself, too.
ok. :)
sure. do I ask them to contact through twitter?
this summer. am placed in microsoft on-campus, actually. would be interested in an internship.
sorry. saw ur tweet only now. college re-opening tomorrow. so, leaving tonight. can i know more?
most importantly, i want to become more consistent in coding.
enough resolutions about my food intake and health. have taken a few about coding now as well.
some ppl don't deserve even a little help. because they'll stab u in the back, anyway.
Expected. Got terribly low grades in the two most randomly corrected subjects. Stupid correction.
irritated.
i don't understand. shouldn't a company that helps other companies in their hiring process follow the same hiring process??
v nice dp da! :)
too many tutorials available for developing windows phone 7 apps. finding it difficult to choose the best among them.
kutcheri buzz published a small text on my Android app in yday's issue! http://t.co/uVTqrgTo  via http://t.co/DE4Akmwl
today WILL be an eventful day for me. so, i don't think its a new year yet. i want to enjoy this day too.
i dont understand. many ppl dont seem to think that december has 31 days. #newyearwishes
newyearwishes
good morning tweeps.
not yet da. waiting for gokul.
why isn't any1 posting the actual results on facebook??
frustrating! more than 8 hours spent on this stupid thing! i give up!
something similar da. but its pretty stupid.
wth! downloaded 78.6 MB out of 100 odd and it just froze!! next download available only after half an hour.
sometimes ur best intentions are misunderstood.
damn it. cook didn't turn up today. no proper tiffin. can't go out and buy too, due to this hell of a downpour!
stupid windows! doesn't even allow me to change file permissions properly.
sutham. rooting is going to take at least 3 days with this net speed.
i think tonight will be the night when i root my phone. i think it'll take more than tonight to download the necessary files though.
+8. was worth the wait after all. :P
that means my rank is somewhere around 380. oh well.
damn! it seems i flopped my 500pt solution!
that just means i would have to stay awake for a longer time now.
&quot;System test results will be delayed. We'll try to announce them as soon as possible. We apologize for technical problems.&quot; #topcoder
topcoder
lol. this &quot;Value Pack&quot; for Gal S and Tab, 'sounds' silly, although it might be really good.
one thing is for sure. if my rating goes above 1000 today, i'll do a night out. :D
hmmm. tourist seems to be the #1 today, as of now. of course, could Petr be far behind? he's on #2 now.
will do it TRS style. announce my rank on twitter if it is decent. otherwise go to sleep silently. :P
hope i got those 2 problems right.
time for system tests! bring it on! :P
waiting for the challenge phase to start.
hmmm. just one guy submitted a solution for the 1000pt problem in my room.
8 minutes left. oh well. i give up. will learn from the editorial after the contest.
frustrating...
i can never solve these 1000pt problems until i practise more.
hmmm. the next few months will decide whether i want to keep my fb account or not.
almost forgot. topcoder match at 9.30 tonight.
Tab updated to 3.2. Naice. :-)
50% now.
49% of installation done. :-)
Downloaded 3.2 honeycomb update. Updating device now. :-)
3.2 honeycomb update available for my tab! :)
cool. got a pinterest account now. going to try it now.
Hmmm. Time to sit n learn c#.
oh nice. when is ur date of joining?
same for airtel.
Opened cricinfo, clicked live scorecard, first thing I see is: Tendulkar OUT! Lol.
so, where is ur posting? Chennai? Any extra news? Which team?
cool. connectify works perfectly. @connectifyme
tendulkar &amp; dravid: 49th partnership of 50 or more in Tests.
hussey seems to be troubling the batsmen.
hmmm. no century in this test match so far.
poda hilfenaus. not out.
lol. now i see posts ranting abt the kindle fire. lol again.
the most common reply why ppl don't adapt to a new platform: &quot;others aren't on it&quot;. #linux #g+ #wp7
linux
g
wp7
dropped thrice?
&quot;just because others do it&quot; would be the lamest reason of all time.
no. i never backed up all phone contacts to gmail da.
yeah! still haven't finished deleting contacts starting with 'A'!!
realized that i had synced my google+ contacts along with their profile images to my android phone. that explains y phone memory got full.
yay! shifted old photos from mob to comp and freed 700mb on sd card.
paruppu saadham at pathu mani pm.
dei! its super awesome da!
wow! congrats da!! kalakku!!
damn! sadly yes.
expecting a dravid, sachin and a ponting century. come on!
nice one!
does anyone else think that the galaxy y ad looks stupid? #overacting
overacting
Created my own Android app and launched it on the market. http://t.co/FZQht9QE
true. its too early.
that must be the second time today that ponting lost his balance after playing a shot.
don't u think he is struggling against those balls outside the off-stump? he might edge them any time.
if is awake at odd hours in the morning, go check ur tv. there must be an awesome cricket test series going on!
ponting plays football to keep the ball away from the stumps.
all australian batsmen struggling against bouncers.
umesh strikes again! marsh goes for a duck!
Warner gone!
Yay. Covers are off once again.
I just watched one ball! Damn! Rains.
thanks! :)
for those who missed this tweet earlier: to all carnatic music fans who own an android, i present you this. http://t.co/RaIEv4qq
I still love how dickens portrayed scrooge.
Today is christmas? Bah! Humbug.
about right time too. power cut now.
should keep improvising it.
there it is! finally on the app market. available for download. https://t.co/ldgwSGrQ
typed 100+ questions and answers for the app! fingers paining. must take a break.
i just left my seat once to drink water. must've been 5-6 hours of continuous work from today morning.
it is undeniably a mokka app as of now. but at least, the first version is ready.
have never worked this hard in my life! the first version of my app is ready. learning how to sign and upload in the market.
what a terrible start to the day!
lol. will surely get to know tomorrow then. :) good night.
ok. :) btw, i follow ur tweets regularly but do not know ur real name. can i know now? :D
great! am attending ganesh-kumaresh concert at 5.30 am tomo in panchamuga anjaneyar temple in mylapore. will be in academy at 8. :)
i would like to meet u tweeps interested in carnatic music. am one too. saw ur timeline n realized that there seem to be many of u.
u were there? i thought amrit's lec-dem was good too.
why the hell am i so inconsistent in coding?!!
ganesh-kumaresh concert in that anjaneyar temple tomo morning at 5.30! yay! i remember how wonderful it was last time!
awake at last!
so, here i am, beginning work on my final year project.
as said brilliantly by my friend, when u don't know what to do next, do the job that u will have to do for sure, anyway.
update for my rapidminer tool? u must be kidding! i downloaded it this morning!
Both lec dems were awesome today! Totally worth skipping today's srm.
Never did I know that Umayalpuram Sivaraman could be so witty while speaking!
&quot;Every rhythm has a counter rhythm.&quot; - Trichy shankaran. #ethirnadai
ethirnadai
Not because I follow the thanjavur style of playing, but I personally don't like how the palani style sounds. #mirudangam
mirudangam
had to choose between today's tc match or the lec-dem on &quot;Sri. Harishankar style of khanjira playing&quot; by Sri. Amrit. chose the latter.
i don't like it at all when more than one interesting event happens at the same time.
hmmm. realized that i might not be able to attend today's tc srm. sigh.
good morning tweeps.
del. Google for the apk file. Problem solved. :P
checking out the google currents app now.
first time i see so many of my friends talk abt something related to google+, after the first week. #schemer
schemer
check HK's fb post.
ask da.
woah! when did this release? never knew about this.
my grandma's feedback after listening to kola veri: &quot;dhanush has sung well. he has maintained shruthi properly.&quot;
i wonder why ppl like foursquare. hmmm.
back to using macbuntu.
sigh. still haven't found an driver update that fixes my touchpad on windows. i don't want to resort using a mouse.
Removed my mobile cover n been like that for the past one week. This feels much better.
sony pix must be having some deal with the producers of the Resident Evil series. daily some movie from that series.
but that is more related to ppl involved in a medical profession. i think i'll go ahead with my idea.
a brilliant idea struck me. when i googled abt it, sadly someone had beat me to it. it is this. http://t.co/3w46Sybc
this is the article that i am reading now. really well written! http://t.co/PY8Z44Xj
TIL abt docblocks. nice. :)
going to spend time today on stackoverflow.
Preparing for carnatic music quizzes now. Any suggestions?
omg! never knew that there was a windows phone camp in chennai today. could've learnt something.
RIM stopped innovating over the past few years.
brand value can't stand forever. apple regularly released new innovations over the last decade. RIM didn't.
of course, there is this ubislate thingy but it doesn't even satisfy some basic requirements.
i repeat. kindle fire isn't THE android tablet. its the poor man's tablet.
Playing the khanjira would surely improve my mirudangam playing.
Started playing the khanjira again. So much fun!
Wth! Four 29c passed but not a single 27d!
Second time I'm seeing her!
Jayalalitha in a convoy!
Maayamma ninne now.
As brilliant as ever! Trichur brothers in music academy singing awesomely!
there should be an #IdiotKiranBedi trending tag.
IdiotKiranBedi
whew. xda-developers is back.
Had an awesome day today!
wth airtel! losing money at regular intervals when i am not even using my phone! no call, sms or gprs.
wow! finishing off long pending problems on spoj at a decent rate. happening only after i began to realize that coding is fun.
accepted now. :) potuko!
lol. yeah.
remember that CSTREET problem? there is a price per unit length input parameter called p da. lol.
slept for only 4 hours, walked around for 2 hours n ppl at home are getting angry that i'm not coming along with them to a lec dem now!
Outside kapaleeshwarar temple now. Waiting for our bhajan troupe to start.
+32 :-)
that should have been a flopcoder match as i slept off in the middle of the srm. cant stay awake for even a sec more. good night tweeps.
topcoder first. twitter later.
dad askin for android phone suggestions. does tat mean tat its time to get a new one for myself n hand over the one i have right now,to dad?
bro stopped changing channels n paused on  'oda oda oda thooram puriyala' song. patti asking whether this is the kolaveri song.
lol. every1 in my family getting more and more 'youth' and 'dude-like' these days.
parents and grandparents praising will smith's acting.
omg. almost forgot. topcoder srm tonight.
some ppl are so talented that they are awesome at everything that they play around with. #amazed
amazed
just realized that an android device is more useful for creative people than nerds like me.
nice app discovered by my friend. rangoli kolam on android. https://t.co/Tpb8LTUy..
now is the time i get over my laziness and do something important!
off to music academy canteen with harimanjunathan.
student. or student at nit-t.
one of my classmate's linked-in intro reads - head of some pragyan event. is that how one introduces themselves to others? find it strange.
reminded of the da vinci code where the thatha says that everyone is entitled to hold their secrets.
RMS is the Karl Marx of the software industry.
the free software philosophy would have died if it not were for torvald's outstanding work.
but it should entirely be the choice of the programmer or the organization.
of course, software can continue to be commercially available too.
just as every1 is encouraged to do social service, every programmer must be encouraged to contribute to open source.
reading a biography on stallman. feel that the open source ideology is more like socialism.
Damn! Forgot to update my gprs pack.
Listening to Bombay sisters at music academy main hall now.
Insane crowd for t.n.krishnan's lec-dem at music academy mini hall! No place to even stand!
another useless day.
hmmm. this twitter 'discover' feature is exactly what i had in mind for my project. gotta think of a new one now.
how much ever hard i try, some things can never be done.
invading other countries, SOPA, tasering, pepper spraying. what next america?
at the end of the day, i'd rather live in a stupid country that i know than live in a stupid country that i don't know.
idiot american congressmen. they seem to be worse than our politicians.
i could also stop tweeting and start working.
i could write some wp7 apps. might help understanding a few unknown stuff. #c#
c
i could build write a few android apps. or spend time on improving the wordpress android app too.
i could start my btech final project. got to read more papers abt data mining tweets, as my proj is related to it! ;)
i could start my preparation for code jam. spoj, codechef and topcoder beckon.
now that there is no answer to &quot;what should i do?&quot;, its time to answer &quot;what can i do?&quot;.
i want to attend a few lecture demonstrations in the morning today.
wouldn't mind if BB is replaced by wp in the 3rd spot.
glad that the trip went without any problems. whew!
back home at last! :)
Cool. Update for my galaxy tab 10.1.
full freedom. v encouraging.
wow! my prof is super cool! :)
Stupid powercut. Need to stay in the dark for the next 45 min or leave. I'll stay.
damn. just wait for a few months n u get a smartphone with similar features but for half the price. #galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
Stupid powercut!
At kulithalai station now. Which means trichy junction is next. :-)
Whew! Reached station safely, one hour before my train departs.
Yay! Signal, at last!
signal at least now!
Reached munnar safely.
thanks to twitter, I am able to update my close ones with what I am doing.
hope to have a safe trip.
luckily, abhishek bachchan doesn't see my tweets.
r we going to kochi or directly to munnar? no idea.
the bus starts at last.
typical. arbit stranger sitting next to me in bus.
yeppa, please start our bus. Unbearably hot in here.
That same feeling after I wrote jee n after I got placed. &quot;What do I do from now on?&quot;
and finally, the big day is here. acm icpc amritapuri regionals 2011 contest in a few hours. #amicpc
amicpc
off to the beach, at last, after so much waiting. #amicpc
amicpc
all tweets tagged with #amicpc being displayed here. hmmm.
amicpc
Registering for munnar trip now. #amicpc
amicpc
Practice contest n lunch done. :) #amicpc
amicpc
not with battery life. but with battery sensors, yes.
At kayankulam at last.
nice weather here. :-)
heard that the battery indicator in unrooted android phones doesn't work properly. should root mine soon.
hmmm. all sabarimala devotees getting down here.
at chengannur station now. kayankulam would be next.
yay. able to charge my phone, at last.
dammit. roaming charges for incoming calls. should remember that.
oops. forgot that battery was low. should stop tweeting. good thing that it has survived the night anyway.
nothing scheduled for today. but I think today will still be good. looking forward to an exciting day. :)
hmmm. train delayed by 1.5 hours. should have reached kayankulam by now. now only at kottayam.
Good morning tweeps! :)
no 20 print outs for the contest, this time?
ennadhu? gandhi sethuttaara? :P
opened up cricinfo to find out that jadeja has bowled a maiden now! in this pitch!! #whattaman
whattaman
i know. ubuntu is my primary distro anyway. had built chromium os on my pendrive 11 months ago, just for fun.
i was trying to remove a problem. the problem itself is solved!!
and it reboots chroimium os again! twitter, facebook and g+ were all crashing earlier. n they work fine now! lol!
enna pa comedy ithu! i format the pendrive through windows n reboot my comp.
reason? can't even update the software in it.
correction. &quot;chromium&quot; os.
planning to remove this 'old' chrome OS from my pendrive.
i am missing #in50hrs again, this weekend! sigh. why do big events combine all the time?
in50hrs
yay! solved one silly problem that had been bugging me for so many days. simple DP but i had been thinking that it was much tougher.
i like this. waking up early and compensating for it in the afternoon with a nap. :) feel so fresh now.
wth! i can't even solve a minimizing knapsack problem. getting errors. hmmm.
i swear i wont play this crazily addicting game for the next 1 week! it is beginning to ruin my life.
since i am in a bad mood, i'll play for a while and then sit and study properly.
what do i do now? surrender to my addiction of playing &quot;dungeon defenders: second wave&quot; or sit and code properly?
i will never be able to look at a computer the same way again. coz everything looks so damn fuzzy! #eyepower
eyepower
my previous tweet kinda summarizes how my life is. sigh...
thanks! :)
good morning appa! topcoder match at 7.30 am. that's why. :)
woke up early at home, at last!
my headache might be due to that #IdiotKapilSibal.
IdiotKapilSibal
cooking noodles now. :)
omg!! i have 83 machine learning videos to watch! this is going to take a long long time.
i know some tv serials like dexter are supposed to be good. but no, thanks. i'd rather not waste my time on them.
how much have i lost in life due to my laziness?? more importantly, how much more will i lose? hmmm. need to change. drastically.
omg! i cant even watch a single video attentively for ten minutes! yawning continuously! :P
these videos are split into nice, small segments. just love it! now on to &quot;Cost Function - Intuition 1&quot;.
i wonder how ppl write fast. i need to relearn the act of writing.
hmmm. cost function...
been a really long time since i viewed those stanford machine learning class videos. continuing it now.
worked hard for more than an hour! long time since that happened!
just had an epiphany. what do i really want to do?
wow! where?
all i do is play games or try to write some code. hopefully everything will change in 2 weeks.
i need to learn to interact with people better. so many years of living through my comp has diminished my ppl skills.
i have become a zombie... &quot;BRAINS!! BRAINS!!&quot;
let me get back to work now.
worst part of waking up after a long sleep is feeling sleepy again.
Operation Die Barbosa successfully going on. #antipiracy
antipiracy
yes.
I know its going to be difficult w/o those free pirated songs. But I'll somehow manage.
That's it. I have decided. Not going to support piracy anymore. Going to delete all the songs that I have.
guys check out TouchPal. @kgdinesh
where r those sad songs when u want to listen to them?
the worst thing feeling is when ur life sucks n u get to know that its you, who is responsible for it.
hmmm. these school kids are from SBOA.
dear friends, first stop cheating in exams. u can then complain about corruption in the country. #dirtonyourback
dirtonyourback
nice. a lot of school children on a visit to the library. their teachers accompanying them. :-)
lol at kamal hassan's hypocrisy. :-D
wow! congrats to everyone at ur home! congrats, chithappa! :-)
TIL that AVL in AVL trees stand for Adelson-Velskii and Landis.
Yuvan Shankar Raja brays like a donkey. abaswaram max!
i am qualified to be a Radio Jockey. all i have to do is be my usual self n blabber continuously.
these lights in the library that switch on automatically when someone approaches them are #win.
win
at the same time, there are few ppl who can explain stuff superbly! and is one of them.
he wasnt even bothered to confirm whether I understood that concept or not.
just read up on a topic that one of my nerdy friends had tried explaining earlier. realized how bad he was at explaining.
Nice songs playing in the radio. :-)
awesome! at last, found some really awesome books on algos in this library! yay!
not able to view the comp properly. need to wear my glasses. finding it extremely difficult.
at Anna centenary library with parents, tweeting from my tab. :P
sigh. ended up watching dbz videos on youtube with bro.
will read that pdf on pattern matching using distributed systems. #readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
wth doesn't my twitter follower count ever reach 300? new ppl keep following me, but bots keep dropping out all the time. &amp;gt;290 for a month.
there. have planned whatever i want to do! NOW, HAVE TO EXECUTE MY PLANS!!! AAAAAAAA......... #panicmode
panicmode
got to plan! got to plan! GOT TO PLAN!!!
even during holidays, i panic!
i haven't still understood what to do for this webinar thingy.
spoj servers seem to be responding too slow today.
good morning folks. long time since i woke up this late.
this dungeon defenders second wave game on my android tab has been downloading stuff from the net for nearly a day! before it can start.
most probably going tomorrow with bro da.
never knew this! hover over the audio icon in the gnome taskbar and scroll using ur touchpad. the volume will change accordingly. naaice...
lol. #whattaman jagi.
whattaman
lol. no da. wondering how to solve a particular problem that i am facing. i solved it earlier. don't remember now.
done. http://t.co/bkNMFQJp
hmmm.
off to inox to watch tintin with bro.
rumors r tat they r selling it at a loss. they aim to make profit when ppl buy amazon stuff through it. u didn't knw that?
what no content? lol. what r u saying da?
not exactly. now ppl think amazon is the only contender to apple. samsung and asus beat the shit out of both.
lol. oh yeah. they NEED an iPad. alright.
please call!!
ppl buy an iPad bcoz they don't go to the market searching for a tablet. they want only an iPad n nothing else.
its just $199. why else do u think ppl were buying?
reviews say that there is no obvious difference in the speeds.
because its cheap da. u r talking as if other android tabs don't even have an android market.
dei, those amazon apps are android apps da! amazon didn't create those apps.
dei kindle fire runs on android da.
there is nothing professional about tabs. they are mainly for consuming multimedia. play games, watch movies.
that's exactly my point. u don't suggest ppl go buy something w/o giving an overall comparison. u r misleading them.
no. the reviewers don't give a damn about android tabs. ppl aren't aware of what's better. most sensible ppl go for android
kindle fire is no way a match for ipad2 da. and some android tabs are better than ipad2 too. i don't get u. wt u saying?
and u don't suggest someone to buy something w/o comparing to the rest of the available products.
not exactly. reviews were out long back. this is not the usual this-vs-that comparison. its buy this vs buy that.
irctc - &quot;Service Unavailable&quot;
as usual, irctc throwing up problems.
i think i'll root my phone before these hols end.
most of these blog articles about the ipad2 and kindle fire seem like paid articles to me. and they end up misleading everyone.
comparing the kindle fire with ipad 2 sounds ridiculous to me. maybe not to everyone though. there are better android tabs that beat both!!
good morning everyone! :)
lol. wait da worst fellows. i just love this waiting game! :) super build-up!
what should i do today?
its really dumb that ppl rate ipad 2 &amp;gt; kindle fire &amp;gt;&amp;gt; anything else. and that's what i call stupidity is.
never underestimate the stupidity of people.
Harvinder Singh is actually Ricky Ponting in disguise. push then, slap now.
seriously, ndtv. is a 30rd yr old guy referred to as a youth?
want to badly see a pic in which officer pike and sharad pawar are together. #macecop #pawarslap
macecop
pawarslap
chocobar! :D
time for a little codechef now.
done. replied to the 3rd person too. now to contact one important person.
second person contacted too. now for the third.
done. first person contacted. now for the second.
there. second done too. while i am doing the third, i have 3 ppl to reply to.
there. the first job is over. :) now for the second.
why twitter actually helps me: i imagine tweets to be slots and i manage my work in between them. how's that? #slottedaloha @unreachableHost
slottedaloha
hmmm. i am clocking my all time high in typeracer but the whole thing leaves me v unsatisfied. off to those 3 things now.
hmmm. 3 things to finish in the next half an hour. but before that, typeracer!
realized that twitter actually helps me manage things.
after so many days, nay, months, i have never felt so inspired to get back to coding!
for 7 days out of the past 9 days, I've been waking up at 4. tomo also same. #exhausted
exhausted
its really good da. the tablet experience. i wouldn't be able to compare tablets, but this is realy good!
wow! this tablet experience is outrageously good!!
got into bus at last!
wow! 21g! ...going in the other direction.
waiting for 21g now...
nasty auto driver. kalaaichutarama! po po.
I expected jayalalitha to have replaced these bed bugs in tnstc buses as they were present during the dmk regime too.
&quot;tambaram tambaram!&quot; ok ok mr.conductor, I am awake now. been awake almost the whole night.
I wonder why I should pay so much for a seat when they can't even keep it free of bed bugs.
why is my phone battery draining like crazy???
some things happen. some things don't. life is one strange game.
the bigger ur plans are, the harder they collapse.
those idiots at facebook seem to have deleted my account!
will be off twitter for the next one week. so then. ta ta. bye for now. #exams
exams
Good morning twitter! :)
haven't studied this sincerely in years! feels nostalgic.
will stop studying for the day, spend time on twitter for a while, and then go to sleep.
noooooooooooooooooo!!!
#machanIf there is 'parsi'ng, then why isn't there any hinduing, musliming or christianing? #runsaway
machanIf
runsaway
but with the state of my stomach in recovery mode, i dare not try anything ambitious!
hungry! right time to go munch on something perhaps?
there it is. one of the &quot;jayalalitha extra-special&quot; powercuts to her loyal citizens. :/
how will you verify that it is allowed in the court? don't want you to get into trouble.
love your tweets. please keep us updated.
oooh. its analysis and synthesis phase. and not synthesis and optimization phase as i thought earlier.
and there'll be a powercut in 10 min. darn.
operation: dist-comp. duration: next 2.5 days. resource: brain. target: these ebooks. will i succeed? let's go! BHARATH MATHA KI JAI!
thanks! :)
the best part is, i wouldn't have bought a tab if i knew earlier that i wud get selected. now i'm selected and i have bought the tab too! :D
my belief in God just shot up to a new maximum! :D
woohoo! selected for the next icpc round. :)
it is during powercuts like these that i wish that i had my galaxy tab 750 with me. can study from it anywhere.
cha. i have begun to complain a lot. who's to blame? not me. :P
anirudh24seven
first, flipkart sent me a faulty tab. then icpc amritapuri ppl haven't called r team. &amp; nw i realize that LFY hasn't shipped my t-shirt yet.
receiving poor service from different organizations for no particular reason. :(
three cheers for @flipkart! they delivered the replacement galaxy tab 750 today! but i'd have to wait for 2 weeks to use it though...
although the tab is in good condition, one of the samsung seals were broken again. but the other seal kept the casing closed.
i got news that the replacement Galaxy Tab 750 arrived today and its in good condition. thank you. :)
my tip was published in the Tips and Tricks section last month but I was never contacted for the T-shirt. Can u look into it?
as always, i would suggest vim. but u might have to install a few plugins too, to make it more convenient.
need a break!
wow! twitter introduces something new after a long time. Activity! :)
omg! big news! teams from r coll ranked behind us r getting calls from acm amritapuri ppl. y haven't we got any, yet? wil v even get a call?
there. cleaned my room. washed my face. prayed for a while. lit an agarbathi. gonna start studying now. :)
should stop trying to go to sleep and start studying
wth! i shouldn't feel sleepy now!! what's wrong with me??
twitter and reddit don't prevent me from studying. they prevent me from dozing off.
even though I didn't get my tab, had a jolly, happy weekend at home. :) was worth it.
are funny tweets on juniors allowed? :D :P ;)
how have u prepared for compiler lab exam da?
i faced the same problem too. but strangely, when u go to d market and lookup google+, it shows an update option. updating nw.
damn. everything going totally the wrong way.
which also means that i've nothing else to do but just shut up and study
so, although they were v nice and immediately ordered a replacement, it still means that my plan to get it by this weekend failed.
just went and saw in my flipkart account that they had placed an order for the replacement. dunno when i'll get it though. mostly tue/wed.
had a perfectly bad day.
1 of ur executives said tat a replacement would be shipped tonight &amp; i'll get a mail regarding it. haven't got it yet. status plz?
they understood that i had a genuine problem and agreed to ship it by tonight itself, even though it is a difficult procedure! wow!
omg! service is truly awesome! they have agreed to ship it by tonight itself! brilliant!!
i can take pics of the screen of the tab that i received and send it across if you want. if that will help in any way...
why? why does this happen to me???
next 2 days hols as well. so, i surely can't get my tab before leaving home. and i'll be back only on the 23rd. which is upsetting... :(
kinda heartening to realize that their customer service is good. but some mistake somewhere and i'm the one affected by it. :(
they were kinda surprised that the seal within the flipkart packaging was broken. i am surprised too! some1 has packaged a bad box.
got another call from flipkart. they have agreed to look into the issue. but not possible to get a replacement by today. :(
i dont wanna take this with me now da. its not a new order. its a replacement na. need to give this back to get a new one.
bad bad day...
that means that i wouldn't be able to use it until my sem exams get over and my hols begin! need not have come back home this weekend. :(
have contacted customer service who duly apologized and agreed to replace it. but wouldn't get a replacement until tuesday. :(
and the tablet's screen has a few marks on it too! never expected such a poor service from @flipkart!
ouch!! after hours of waiting, i get a galaxy tab 750 box with broken seals from @flipkart! shocked!!
not yet. the chennai flipkart facility has received mine a few minutes back, though. courtesy: track ur shipment feature.
32k in flipkart.
i think interviewstreet. @kgdinesh
galaxy tab 750 (10.1)
back home :)
signs of tiredness creeping in
meanwhile, iris is still up n running. :P #siridown
siridown
mokka pasanga. they complain abt the coll n claim that they want to leave it asap n now they talk abt senti feelings! #hypocrites
hypocrites
lol. hearing news that siri is down! :P
hope flipkart doesn't be over sincere n deliver my tab tomo itself. I don't want my bro to open it before I reach home.
ppl dont understand the meaning of a choice. u can choose to stay or leave. just dont stop others from leaving.
i don't understand when ppl complain to me when i criticize some1's views. they can have their views. so will i, about them.
soooo confused now! mind not working...
some indecent ppl opposing the new director's move citing pragyan, nittfest, symposium and senti feelings!!
new director therikka vidaraar! piri man! so many changes coming about in college!!
distributed computing, it is.
wow! a guy from just called me now to confirm my order. nice. :-)
guess, i'll go have my first proper meal of the day now.
ordered a galaxy tab 750 at last, now. :)
sigh...
hope I don't doze off now n miss my exam.
feeling feverish too. kinda scared. this shouldn't be happening.
argh! why doesnt everything happen the way it is supposed to?
didnt have breakfast or lunch today. why then is my stomach paining?
now for the 'creative' part. meh.
google doesn't seem to give a damn for users with slow internet connection.
ordering it on flipkart tomorrow. will most prolly get it by this weekend then.
got that creative writing assignment to complete now.
the first thing i'll do after getting my galaxy tab 750 would be to test the wordpress app n start working on it!
same here
i m writing an assignment with the help of the light from my lappy because of powercut. somebody give me a medal please.
woke up from an extremely long nap. which means that i've got to start on assignments now.
there. much better now after wearing my glasses.
having more problems with eyesight. guess i need to start wearing my specs more regularly now.
seri. washed those clothes now. what do i do next?
am so absent minded. forgot to dry those clothes that i had soaked yesterday morning! they stink now! :(
hope u know about the oil slick problem with so many galaxy tab 10.1 models globally. what abt the ones available at flipkart?
twitter on opera turbo mode keeps getting reloaded again and again, making it nearly unusable! i wonder why.
now that galaxy tab 10.1 is in line for ICS update, i'm surely gonna get one within a week!
hi. wouldn't it be a long time before Asus Transformer 2 (Prime) launches in india? what will the tentative pricing be?
what u doing da? i m v bored.
as rightly said, i feel a myriad of emotions every instant.
it is mildly surprising to note that we came extremely close to solving one more problem in both contests.
no no. just realized that i had stopped coding for myself &amp; was just trying to win contests. gonna change tat attitude. :)
dei dei. i am talking about coding/programming da!
?
lol. that's the source. but that isn't the reason. :)
ah. inner peace at last! :)
the next few hours will determine my actions for the next few months.
sigh...
my spider senior surath (ex-presi) got placed in google today! :)
i didn't miss anything important today, right?
Immortals of Meluha was a worthy read.
got a lot of work to finish by monday. i better start today.
the nitt gtug website is up! http://t.co/ZSHtIRKA
yes da. am coming only tomorrow.
argh! just found out the mistake made in problem E of amrita icpc online round! stupid mistake in logic! @ashwinjagadeesh
well said. #ubunturage http://t.co/gpEYRX1E
ubunturage
extremely irritated. but I'm not leaving home tonight. get lost college!
damn. my class rep tells me now that there is a submission tomorrow! I hate my college!
oh. that's the only reason is it? then I surely want to bunk tomorrow.
nope. I didn't. y u leaving today then? I was thinking of bunking tomo but haven't decided.
what about compilers program? submission tomo right?
vim golf! :) http://t.co/V67merA9
when u going to college?
is it my slow internet connection or are there any problems with the #NokiaWorld live streaming website?
NokiaWorld
wth! the #nokiaWorld live webcast page says that webcast limit has been reached! i cant view anything. this is stupid.
nokiaWorld
that was one extremely long nap that I had! slept for so many hours!
and of course, happy deepavali!! :)
so tired! wont be able to stay awake even for 1 more minute! good night everyone! #exhausted
exhausted
have requested for a better url for the nitt gtug website. meanwhile, the unofficial url is: http://t.co/UPWwDerO
photos on gtug website have been uploaded. :)
i shouldn't be tired now but i am. every1 at home already gone to sleep.
working on the gtug website now. uploading the gtug kickoff photos to the site as well.
i give up. i am not going to download ubuntu 11.10 now with this slow net connection at home.
this tiwary fellow has no control over his bowling. tossing up diwali sweets for the english batsmen.
personally, i don't like unity or gnome-shell but i heard that 11.10 provides a better experience on netbooks than 11.04.
downloading ubuntu 11.10 now. planning to put it on my pendrive and test it out on my mom's netbook and show her how awesome ubuntu is. ;)
india needs a wicket. quick.
exactly!
its been a really long time since i bought some book. especially a comp sci book.
got myself a jeans pant for tomo and a few books on comp sci as well. :)
back home after shopping. :)
did that loooong ago.
oops. spent all my time on google+ now. got to start.
going to attempt a few problems related to segment trees now.
woke up at last!
I prefer g+ over fb becoz I can hv healthy discussions on technology on g+ while friends n relatives on fb think tat i'm spammin their walls
what plans for the day? :)
back home :)
happy birthday da! :-)
was made to shift to the adjacent seat with problems in my sleepy state. woke up now n politely asked him for my original seat. he agreed.
checking twitter through sms.
machi, noone in our wing n ur clothes and umbrella seemed unsafe outside. have put them in my room.
who's going to watch the new srk movie? No.One. @Laugh_Riot
don't worry. ur team itself is a joke. :P #justkidding #runsaway
justkidding
runsaway
doesn't it even cost the usual rate?
been an extremely long time since i had a decent internet connection...
thanks. i think i'll wait.
i think i should go and sleep once again now. feel as if i bumped my head against a brick wall.
2 hours of powercut over. when will the next one be?
what a dumb government! we are having 3 times more power cuts than what we used to have!
when in india?
i have been eyeing the galaxy tab 750 (10.1&quot;) for a long time now. shall i go ahead and buy it?or should i wait for an ics tablet?
power cut?? now?? why???? :(
yay! power back!
damn!! powercut! won't come back surely for an hour now. :-(
dei, i meant study for tomo's exam da. mobile computing.
time to get up and study
power went at 6 am. :-/ hope it comes back at 8.
it says that my prev tweet was through ubuntu. oh well.
what is this twitter client? gwibber? just found it in my panel bar.
disable. u can hide them. that's just abt it.
both the have the same low baritone kind of a start. :) @techrsr
1440 twitter users make an eench. :P @kgdinesh
shhh apple fan boys. its our turn now. #android
android
Tango supports video chat in android phones with just a camera at the back!
congrats!! :D
iris is awesome! for those who haven't used it, it is the equivalent of siri on iphone, for android. and it was built in just 8 hours!!
love the tune. :) #kolaveri
kolaveri
I find so many ppl around me use :wq for save and exit, instead of :x. How do I effectively convince them to use :x?
does a concept of exploiting sms's to compromise mobile phones, exist? @_iakkom
kili-tas.
Hard earned parottas
when they ask me why I got low marks, I'll point a finger and say, &quot;these buhari fellows pa. go on. arrest them.&quot;
these buhari fellows are worst, I say.
is back to my usual abnormal self. :P
dunno what to feel. :|
i want to do something about it!
am so pissed off that we might not make it!
is selection for on-site going to be the 1st team from each college and then rank-wise allocation if slots are available?
sigh.
&quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot; is an anagram of &quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot;.
.skype, viber, fring, nimbuzz, tango and so many other options. what do we go with?
.i would at least need such an app to contact u ppl w/o knocking on your doors everytime.
we need not pay these carriers if we wanna call each other.
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
dear friends w/ android, y don't we all start usin some phone-call-thru-internet app like skype, viber, etc? wud be gr8 if all of us hv it.
Opera, both desktop and mobile is built for the masses.
that was one insanely long nap that i had.
love the vishnu sahasranamam recitation by T.S.Ranganathan. awesome voice. spiritual feeling.
?
wud like to knw wthr thr hav been incidents where &amp;gt;1million ppl using GSM roaming mobiles meetin up in a location hv crashed a VLR. @_iakkom
dear iPhone 4S user, if u bought it just to be in an 'elite' crowd, u sure are arrogant.
Damn these powercuts!
gave a 2 hour talk on android at nitt-gtug kickoff event now. abt 100 ppl turned up.
nitt gtug successfully started off today!
NITT GTUG Kickoff event today. gonna give a talk on Android.
someone will fork it da. if noone does, i will.
what???????? nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
no option for gnome 2 classic?
coughing like crazy!
awesome article!
#dell
dell
websites need to provide something between actual websites and a mobile site for users like me on a slow internet connection.
in fact, i/o operations aren't natively supported by c.
many updates to Ritchie's death with a printf statement. on a different note, printf isn't natively supported by c, right? we need stdio.h.
All I can think of now, is food. Off to grab something to eat.
using free wifi from clc now.
what a stupid boring class!
couldn't go less than 303 bytes. hmmm...
i give up! i can't write the soln in &amp;lt;256 bytes.
these problems are so hard that even the editorials for them make little sense!
thanksu pa!
My tip got published in this month's lfy magazine. I remember sending it in months ago!
ah. last bench after a long time.
no water anywhere? that's insane!
voted now. :)
not feeling productive? start studying for exams. your productivity in other activities would dramatically increase.
Dart! #google
google
woke up at last!
tried the android yoga app?
What everyone is too polite to say about steve jobs. http://t.co/FF3ljxGR
it used to be. long ago, march used to be the first month of the year. jan and feb were added later. sept=7 oct=8 nov=9 dec=10
oops. thursday perhaps?
will intro to android be enough? planning to make it short and simple as all of us have CT's next week.
they expect us to conduct a kickoff session before wednesday. i think we'd be able to do it.
will tuesday be fine? We need to get permission for venue n put up posters too tomo. suggestions?
suggestions for gtug kickoff event?
Thank you for the private beta invite! http://t.co/1GPO8eU9
.is brilliant!
Am watching that recording of Dalai Lama &amp; Desmond Tutu hangout now. http://t.co/kwPhdAP9
btw, i want to know which book to study compilers from.
this might be a bit long. u can just skim through though. http://t.co/x3MIHPfi
it IS tough. but spending time with it improves your style of coding in procedural based languages.
wow! the haskell session at today's ilugc meet was awesome!
at the ilugc meeting now. was discussing abt scalable systems earlier. discussing about RoR now.
Samsung and google postponing their conference due to jobs death. Apple themselves wouldn't do such a thing.
getjar \m/
http://t.co/woaM7zL4 makes typing easier and quicker!
i think i'll attend the ilugc meet today. its been a long time...
tried SwiftKey x?
SwiftKey x is super awesome! Free on getjar!
my brother is still active on orkut!
got my gsoc t-shirt and certi now! here's my certi. http://t.co/4qc3vWF4
nice. :)
never! i say, never!
omg! woke up to the bad news now. RIP Steve Jobs. :(
why do i prefer twitter and google+ over facebook? because most of the posts on fb are not even worth looking at.
some ppl will watch any form of cricket. even something as bad as a champions league match that doesn't involve any of the teams u support.
golden rule on the internet: never argue w/ morons and noobs. oh yeah, moronic noobs too.
Gaah! Exaggeration! Y.YOU.EXIST??
if this goes any further, i am gonna start a series of guest rage comics.
my mom interrupts my 4 hour sleep and asks me to get ready to meet navarathiri guests. one more reason for me to dislike guests.
Johny English Reborn is one awesome movie! Enjoyed it with friends. :-)
exactly!
and after so many months, apple comes out with a copy of samsung galaxy s2.
nice that express avenue provides free wifi for 2 hours.
does the movie at EA plan still exist? plz keep me updated.
good morning tweeps. :-)
a third yr just now came up to me and asked authoritatively whether i was a second yr. bulbed him with the truth.
gonna reach central bus stand, trichy.
just like every centOS fan would be happy with a redhat release, i am happy that iphone5 is coming. #android
android
&quot;a faceless enemy is the most dangerous.&quot; #apple
apple
&quot;there are so many awesome open source projects online that, to simply waste one's time is a sin. go contribute!&quot;
when will google come up with an equivalent of amazon silk?
its fun to travel as long as u dont have to drag a strolley along.
#f8fefc? (tumblr's) @ferozenaina
f8fefc
gotta go have lunch but this lathangi piece by U Srinivas is holding me back. #whattaman
whattaman
can't read the text clearly though. color of fonts can be lighter. @sathya3445
be at irc://freenode/nitt from now on. we'll chat.
twidge is written in haskell. must learn haskell then.
huge weekend coming up. from tomo till sunday. #dussehraholidays
dussehraholidays
good morning folks! :)
what a day! got flamed by almost everyone!! :-/
checking out twidge once again.
this month is gonna be big. last shot at ACM ICPC.
did you check ur room number on ur door? i changed it today morning. :P
where are you?
and of course, a good amount of sleep can lead to happiness too. :P
just re-learnt one important lesson today. happiness isn't always defined by happy incidents. sometimes, peace and calm lead to happiness.
thanks to for enabling access to ~145 GB of space in my system. :)
listening to Saraswatipriya alapana. never heard this before. always feels good to listen to a new raaga.
shankarabharanam alapana by L.Subramaniam is so comforting and heavenly! :)
Radiance theme in ubuntu is really good. :)
seriously, today has been one of the worst days ever. only good part is, i kinda felt yday, that today would be bad. don't ask me why.
of course, we lost too. but again, that is usual. don't feel that i am worthy of selection. let at least others get a chance.
went to play with a team full of bowlers, never got a chance to bowl, got bowled golden duck. worst of all, i snapped n fought wd d captain.
of course, that decision has got everything to do with me, rather than anything/anyone else. #disappointed
disappointed
worst day of cricket ever! i hereby quit playing cricket at NIT Trichy.
worst monday morning ever!!
clarification: &quot;msp program&quot; meant &quot;applying for msp program&quot; in my prev tweet.
2nd step of msp program hopefully over. can concentrate on icpc preparations properly now.
at code obfuscation finals now. #shaastra
shaastra
of course, it also means that there is a lot of opportunity for the rest of mankind.
have lost hope in mankind. almost everyone wants to #timepass all the time!
timepass
but why code heavily during powercut/travel. 1 Lappy + 1 netbook seems to be a good idea.
u guys can get a netbook...
got selected for code obfuscation finals. that means i have to go back to iit-m for #shaastra today...
shaastra
thanks to for submitting my mobile computing classwork today! :)
keywords of talks that crowds are always attracted to: 1. Hacking 2.Android #lessonslearned #shaastra
lessonslearned
shaastra
insane crowd for the android dev lecture by @lut4rp!! #shaastra
shaastra
will play maybe after icpc.
at an awesome talk by arvind gupta at #shaastra. this guy: http://t.co/CfbSc97Q
shaastra
ah. this guy is showing why one compromise can bring everything down.
so, he makes a guy click a shortened url which hides a js code that steals cookies. #ok
ok
lol. this guy is phishing some random guy in an ethical hacking lecture! #shaastra
shaastra
wait! this guy is supposed to talk abt ethical hacking. sigh. these things always suck.
why cant these #shaastra ppl provide internet connection for organizers from outside?
shaastra
dumb talk on ethical hacking going on at #shaastra.
shaastra
damn! these idiots cant stop misusing the term 'hack'! #disgusted
disgusted
at iitm now. #shaastra
shaastra
back home! :)
overslept, woke up at koyambedu, caught a bus to t nagar n waitin here now! what a start to the day!
not many ppl in the setc bus that i am travelling in. #thursday
thursday
Off to central bus stand, trichy.
mokkai class. no attendance too. :-(
omg! its gururaj!
decided not to go to shaastra but stay in coll today. few unfinished businesses.
happens to me almost all the time in this slow, dumb internet connection that i have.
they should declare 10 days holidays for colleges during dussehra and navarathri. can eat sundal at home, then.
insects all over the place! so switched to a dark twitter theme.
how many of you know that NIT Trichy has its own Google Technology User Group from today? join right away! groups.google.com/group/nitt-gtug
Zynga profits dive 95%, no new games to blame http://t.co/UvgWKNcv
damn! slept for &amp;gt;4 hours!!
of course the mobile desktop twitter widget is awesome too!
GO launcher is truly awesome! love the cartoon theme on my android!
pettai rap and urvasi urvasi! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;chikku bukku chikku bukku raile!!!&quot; #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;arabikkadalorum&quot; now! :-) #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
lol. they said they'll sing a hindi song, sang one line, went to english n then tamil now! no hindi! lol. bulb! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
wth!! what is he singing?? &quot;papa is happy when the food is on the table&quot; ??? #randomsong #festember
randomsong
festember
got into barn after 1.5 hours of waiting! disgusting! #festember
festember
when leaving for barn?
tried to reverse tether my android. #fail so far.
fail
dozed off for a while...
i dont wear glasses regularly. so changed my profile pic almost everywhere.
what?
not got anything to do with padippu machi.
changed my twitter dp to another old one.
had planned to go watch/attend a few events today morning. ended up in spider labs instead...
1.2 Mbps!!
power back. off to spider labs! :)
will put the source code online of course! :) will blog about in a few hours when I come back from festember...
of course, am a final year student. so noone would depend on me. :D
supposed to help others in arranging events. boring non-tech stuff...
gotta have lunch and leave for festember soon. yawn...
spent all morning w/o breakfast to write a python script to retrieve all 50 odd topcoder algorithm tutorial articles. will blog abt it soon.
at barn hall now with friends. #festember
festember
classes over for the day. yay!
can diaspora make an impact in this world of twitter-google+-facebook?
why no article on how fb copying most of google+? would love to see one.
never underestimate a product.
its so silent that i can hear laughing for jokes in the movie that he's watching...
started on 5 drawings for assignment. :-) would have continued if not for this unscheduled powercut...
time for an haircut? yeah!!
u can set passwords for ur androidAP connection da.
bunking all morning classes today. :P
updating my google+ android app now. :)
horrible timetable for tomorrow. planning to bunk a lot.
problems with setuptools while setting up trac on remote system without internet connection http://t.co/LrjjIu3T
today's div 2 srm was kinda tough. must practise more..
:-)
when nobody is nice to you, there is nothing you can do, but just move on. #thathuvam
thathuvam
what can be worse than bad teachers? bad classmates.
11 points increase. ok. i'll take it. at least it has increased...
hmmm. should have started the 900 point problem earlier. seemed easy. wasted too much time on the 600 point problem. its okay. #topcoder
topcoder
reserve your username at http://gkl.st/2 here is mine http://t.co/JrFB79xL
tc srm 519 in an hour...
hard work pays! yeah!!
they tell me that there is no curd rice after billing me for it! eating lemon rice now. sigh...
learnt something new now. hopefully the first good thing that has happened to me so far, today.
yes!! yes yes yes! understood at last!
ouch. my back aches now.
i wish something good would happen now...
just what i wanted. google search provides results from a few social networks. http://t.co/j4yxzE4D
a bright, wonderful monday morning! looking forward to an exciting week! :)
Damn. My gprs has begun to cost me now. Wth is  happening? Stupid airtel!
had weird dreams. strangely, i think i had similar dreams years ago. good morning tweeps.
opinions change with experience. #thathuvam
thathuvam
'Best apps' is one of the best apps out there on the android market. a must try for android users.
when will i ever learn to not talk to strangers?
facebook is for braggarts. twitter is for chatterboxes. but there is a bit of both inside every one of us.
windows. open?? oh. u dont mean the OS. let me go back to what i was doing...
cant sms. :-( at least can tweet...
rameshwaram exp
piri man da nee. :-)
and rameshwaram exp has started. got my ticket checked now, too.
and that leaves 4 rupees as balance. strangely costing me 1 rupee per sms, now. cant sms any1 too. cha.
oh. lol. thought u saw me.
yep. am wearing a grey t shirt.
wth! my current gprs plan is different from my original gprs plan. so 60 bucks detected from balance now. :-(
in one of those nice coaches with power sockets all over the place. :-)
windows 8?
uninstallation done.
i'm going to say goodbye to this macbuntu theme and return to good ol' ubuntu's 'Ambiance' theme.
y u so scared? @viveksundarm
YEAHHHH!!!!!! my ubuntu is back! triple booting ubuntu 11.04, windows 7 and windows 8 dev preview now. :)
off to the Startup Center for Mobile Monday on a Saturday. #MoMo
MoMo
damn! i cant even use a computer without my glasses! everything seems more blurred w/o them.
what is happening? seeing more icons on my start menu now. #w8dp
w8dp
good morning tweeps. back home safely. :)
lol.
lol. he started the conversation first!
lol. was talking abt android to some random stranger in the town bus to trichy. felt good.
good to see new, clean seat covers on this setc bus. :-)
i want my ubuntu back! missing it already :'( @_iakkom
nice. :-) how abt putting it on wikileaks?
nee verumna paathundu thaan iruppa. @_iakkom
wait. how is that apps are closing now in windows 8 dp, if i press alt+F4? this wasn't working yday.
feeling much better after that deep sleep... :)
one guy is calling wipro, infosys, cts and tcs as the &quot;venerable big four&quot;!!
haha. true. not comfortable on desktops/laptops. i was comparing its start menu with older versions of windows. :-)
must've listened to mankatha theme song &amp;gt;30 times since afternoon. too good. thanks to @_iakkom.
like my mob's new screen guard. :-)
haha! 2 of my batchmates professing their love to each other over facebook!
windows 8 might not be the most comfortable or customizable OS that i have ever seen, but it surely one of the best! damn intuitive!
loving windows 8 developer preview on a fast internet connection. :)
is on a photo walk around the campus with a 5mp camera. :-P
sure! :-)
first tweet from Tweet:)
after 2 hours of chaotic comedy with @viswanathgs, and finally @_iakkom, got windows 8 dev preview workin on my lappy. :-)
HURRAY!! downloaded windows 8 developer preview. was so tensed that the sha1 checksums might not match! they did! yay!!
its at 99% now!! :)
I hereby declare war!! on my laziness!!
been a long time since i felt this pathetic!! :|
if I buy the galaxy tab 750 from your website, how do I avail that vodafone plan?
i really must start solving these 1000 point problems!! not even attempting them... :(
i think i'll go to spider labs now n put windows 8 on download. will be having lunch at vasantham n will come to class from there.
ya. its huge! i dunno whether 3 hours would be sufficient to download it with the internet speed over there...
not yet. it just released a while ago. will do it today. lots of great feedback abt it. tempted to bunk web class today. :-P
lol. smell of books for e-books! :D http://t.co/mq7E7x2
ah. i think i'll replace that third partition in my system containing fedora 15 now, with windows 8 developer preview.
damn. just when i was abt to order an android tablet, they release windows 8. looks very promising, i must say! #build
build
i just love this metro UI!
i was beginnin to wonder why i wanted an android tab. jus remembered that it was because i wanted to optimize wordpress for android tablets!
good morning tweeps. feeling great in the morning after a long time. had a good night's sleep. :-)
for once i am glad that my room is warm..
shipped my gsoc code to google today. yay!
make way for minus! http://t.co/oHavlbe
OUCH! http://t.co/cFPC8eA
whew. just confirmed that today is the soft deadline.
Awesome news abt delicious  http://t.co/Qdr9nv8
i dont want to go to the only theory class of today. boo hoo. #boring
boring
no revolutionary news in tech for the past few days. #boring
boring
there is a huge difference between teasing among friends and slander on a public forum.
it need not even be written by the same person. multiple ppl using hashtags, maybe?
no. u didnt get me. a series of tweets that make up a short story.
readin abt data mining. i dont want all info. just want necessary info tht i need frm this book. i.e.data mine this book on data mining.
how about using twitter as a medium to write/narrate short stories? there would be live feedback as well. @kgdinesh
every raagam/song sounds good if the singer sings it that way.
bouli is awesome. kalpana swarams in it are even more awewome.
me thinks tht me will take a break from swype and use the samsung soft-keyboard in landscape mode instead...
This book on How Children Learn Language by William O'Grady is just awesome!
and advised me not to have too much of this kesari. I should've listened.
ah. I think I would have to use my laptop today.
Ah. I always thought that no1 looked at this perspective for nlp. But found a book. &quot;How children learn language&quot; by william o grady. Nice.
mobile twitter is faster than twitter apps mainly because u don't see profile pics in it.
ah. almost. but not for programming purposes...
topcoder da. was talking about yday's srm.
played games on mobile, listened to the radio. came to library about an hour back. reading a few interesting stuff.
I have challenged myself not to open my laptop today. going good so far.
oh yes. I think I will learn hindi.
ah. ok.
oh. I thought the aim was to spread knowledge. cha.
I don't understand. Why aren't all academic research papers available online for free?
why is it that I wake up so late on Sundays? anyway, good morning tweeps.
i am not even attempting this 1000 point problem.
1000pt problems. Y.YOU.SO.HARD??
3 more hits and my blog will reach 6k hits. :P http://t.co/j2gXjeo
ivar apudiye police u. naanga thirudanaama. i need to 'accept' facts aam. ensuring that justice is served via facebook.
lol at he doubts my credibility.
Onaan inside spider labs. Lol.
where did you buy? how much?
The quickest and most reliable way of accessing twitter on my android is the mobile website.
The English cricket team would love the name of the next version of Android. #jellybean
jellybean
time to begin. #coding
coding
lol. thu.
do indians still watch cricket??
been receiving a lotta visits on my blog for the past few days. naice...
u disgusting ppl. one placed in an electrical company and another a EEE student...
i increase the entropy of the universe by adding unknown but interesting ppl into my &quot;Random&quot; circle on google+.
wait. i've been spending so much time on google+ that i haven't even noticed twitter for a while now...
summa verupethifying. :P
yay!
awesome da!
I can either continue to laze around in my room like this or go to Spider labs and work properly. I choose the latter.
70467 in racing moto! muhahaha! beat that, @_iakkom!
&quot;yethi yethi&quot; on radio now. brings back first year memories...
Heading to trichy with comp sci classmates for treat.
Yay! Installed Paper Camera for free from getjar! It IS as awesome as everyone claim it to be!
i think my twitter page looks better now :) #allwhite
allwhite
listening and singing along to &quot;mazhai varudhu mazhai varudhu&quot; on infinite loop. wingmates feeling...
I better stop snoozing and start rising... Good morning tweeps.
First we called him Jagadeesh. Then Jagi. And then Jag. Now, we don't call him anymore. :P  @Satish_NR
@_iakkom: when u guys leaving?
I love distributed computing but this class is boring...
I wonder how patents are granted to apple for some really silly stuff. Something v fishy...
Restore and Preserve Page State for Windows Phone 7.5 or Mango Phone http://t.co/FRJjEed /via @wordpressdotcom
is at a new low. fresh beginnings ahead... #hope
hope
either i am missing out on something or people are not listening to me...
i am still out here!
i want those qsn papers!
btw, change your username to something else da. please.
have a look. http://t.co/cUq0ksk
have u seen videos of windows phone 7 mango? it seems twitter and facebook have been integrated into it! looks good. :)
how abt creating a distro just for social purposes?
ah. doesn't seem to be tweeting. and that can mean only one thing. HE'S STUDYING!!!
specific cd or all cds? which version of ubuntu?
i got a good internet connection now. yeah!
3g connection! Y.YOU.FAIL.ME?
i think u have given me only one koshtin paper containing 40 koshtins...
hey. yeah, it was. :)
Off to creative writing 'exam' now...
I don't like these horrible tamil film songs that they play in these buses. That too this early in the morning!
some of my friends are scared/irritated that unknown people add them on google+. and they do have twitter acccounts! #hypocrites #fb
hypocrites
fb
mobile computing is pretty interesting...
i asked how ur preparation is, da.
Am at chennai occ now. Looking at some very interesting startup products...
boarded train? How is ur preparation da?
ok.
just realized that vasanth's link was the ebook that u had already given to me. ma'am mentioned some other book right? wt abt that?
12 crore zeros perhaps?
.seems to be studying a lot. no tweets for quite some time now... dei, anyway u r S grade in mobile da.
lol.
Awesome experience at nerd dinner chennai today!
yep. he never attended any class though. placements...
And the second event for the day is nerd dinner chennai. am already here. might start in a short while.
I am NOT going to watch another tamil movie for a looooong time!!
i should start studying for monday's &quot;Mobile Computing&quot; exam, now. but i think i'll try to come up with a windows phone 7 app now...
and the first event for the day is mankaatha! booked tickets yday night...
good morning tweeps. :) have 2 events planned for the day...
http://t.co/eEFDD3X
good night folks. not sleepy but i think i'll play around with my mobile before going to sleep. c ya.
dear apple, go die! http://t.co/ZeN9AnS
lol! bing and google plus. http://t.co/Cbs78Qj
and oh, yeah. epic fail today. thought that 1530 UTC meant 11pm Indian time!
back home... :)
samsung launched some new products today. maybe, postponing my decision to buy the galaxy tab was an awesome decision after all...
refer my prev tweet.
Galaxy Ace - Gingerbread update http://t.co/ZCevKQj
there seems to be only post/site online that has taken notice of the galaxy ace gingerbread update in india! sad...
the world looks much better when u upgrade your android device... have a great morning everyone!
dunno what feels better. gingerbread or triple sixes by dravid...
Yes. :-)
am now running gingerbread on my ace. :)
yay! heard that gingerbread official update is available for galaxy ace in india now!! woot! @_iakkom
with toshiba, amazon and sony entering the market, the consumers stand to gain...
reason being, there aren't too many android tabs out in the market yet. more competition means better products and cheaper price.
argh! dilemma max! i think i will wait for a few months before buying the galaxy tab...
offline gmail is awesome! http://t.co/ROVS4jn
Only few hours remaining to convince me to not buy a galaxy tab 750. flipkart's offer gets over then.
Badminton, table tennis, pool and swimming with bro! Awesome experience!
google+ also supports j,k.
why isn't mangatha trending on twitter?
can never understand why some people do not allow others to dream big. #bro
bro
if i pre-order the Samsung Galaxy Tab 750 now, when will i get it?
not exactly. we've just found inner peace...
ah. that's ok. we know which coll is better... :)
the question is not &quot;will i&quot;, but &quot;when will i&quot;...
romba over! http://t.co/zG4pqSW
must start tracking time.
another reason why working on open source projects are awesome. u get to make good friends like :)
can someone invite me to quora? #quora
quora
tired. even twitter seems boring now...
Got to start studying now...
Anna becomes an icon, Irom Sharmila forgotten - India News - IBNLive http://t.co/UGKvaVD
for sms spam, smsBlocker is pretty good.
thanks! just now saw this tweet. got placed in microsoft about a month back...
apparently there's some random football match going on...
yay! can go study now!
lol. not yet. ;) :P
in fact, i was asked to upload it onto youtube.
and what's wrong with that?
my video for the microsoft student partner program: http://t.co/0FDLoQF :P
sadly, no irc client seems to be as awesome as chatzilla. makes me depend on firefox.
MUST.STOP.SINGING.ALONG! #canthelpit
canthelpit
in love with automata once again! :)
:D :P
dai! anyway, gnome2 still rocks! and echofon sucks because i'd have to use firefox.
and i just reached 2000 tweets with my prev tweet! :P
i salute medical students like who devote their time and lives to the welfare of other people! you rock!!
those students are of course, medical students!!
in midst of all this complaining, i can't help but feel amazed about a group of students. they study and they serve.
i bet some of my classmates are going through prev years kosthin papers now...
nee vera. i'd be studying for placements now, if so!
t2k is nearing... (tweet two thousand)
i wish companies that we got placed in, could just whisk us away from college right now and take us to their offices...
random songs on infinite loop...
i guess i must stop complaining and resume studying...
most of them might be studying even now. :(
it is ok with me to study, after getting placed. but i'd want to study something new. not old stuff!!
why isn't 'cycle test' trending on twitter? :|
have felt the same, over all these years... :|
can't believe that i have to study stuff that were taught 1.5 years ago! unfair! #automata
automata
of course, if i am really purchasing, it'd be only around december or later...
galaxy tabs 730 and 750, motorola xoom come with honeycomb. rumors abt toshiba coming up with a tab as well.
i did. confused over what to buy next. will give this ace to my dad if i go for nexus prime.
in fact, getting my first android, is indirectly the reason why i'm going for something next. #gsoc
gsoc
i might not buy at all too. kinda confused. might be receiving a windows phone 7 next year, to add to the confusion.
:P would be my response. #nocomments
nocomments
galaxy tab or nexus prime?? #confused
confused
huh?
RT twitter needs to make tagging not eat up the word count.
wow! the windows phone 7 emulator looks stunning. much better than the android one...
not if we dunno the answers while giving the exam...
Companies are like political parties. They can become a liability any time. Better not to talk about them at all.
on twitter? there's an @ Mentions tab below the &quot;What's happening?&quot; textbox. you can view tweets mentioning you, over there.
#ThankYouSteveJobsFor making everyone realize that every little detail on a product deserved the attention of a CEO. http://t.co/RJ7NlMb
ThankYouSteveJobsFor
realized that i've all along seen only from google's perspective. nice one. http://t.co/LL1rOSu #applevsgoogle
applevsgoogle
is now a gsocer... :)
just saw the news. awesome da! congrats! :)
awesome!!
fb - acquaintances
deadlock
today is friday. which means unlimited payasam in mess. Slurrppp!
awesome weather here at trichy!
good morning tweeps! :)
that worked! forgot to inform earlier...
that feeling u get when u realize u might have been wrong all along...
NVIDIA and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet + Tegra Zone power pack http://t.co/NY3qAtt Begin living life!
cycle tests coming up. will lower my twitter usage for the next few weeks.
check this. http://t.co/h9jXvD3
when I +1 something, do I say plus oned or plussed one?
am not gonna retweet funny/interesting tweets that might make me lose credibility. gonna +1 them instead.
&quot;Students, take your mobile out n check your IMEI number. Go on, do it.&quot; - prof in mobile computing class
just what i wanted! http://t.co/i8RmWRL @_iakkom
big news that was made while I was sleeping: Steve Jobs Resigns. hmmm... dunno how to react.
good morning tweeps! classes from 8.30 to 4 today...
didn't u just have dinner?
prof who teaches compilers keeps referring to automata all the time. and i don't remember most of it.
is planning to read automata all over again...
where art thou?
ah. yes. point taken.
i meant that this is comfortable too. so, no reason to not expect people to use it.
viewing conversations, images and videos are v comfy in the web...
got to add new photos to twitter asap!
just saw the time! gotta rush to class. dear followers, u have been saved, if u have not been bored to death already!
Who is suing who? http://t.co/RAZmfJu
Gold: Did You Know You Could Rip Apart Your Computer and Melt the Circuit Boards for Gold? - http://t.co/b9MqRZK
TIL that djvu is supposed to be pronounced as dejavu. makes more sense now...
ppl ought to realize that the 'good' guys are the bad guys and the 'bad' guys are the good guys. #random
random
if apple acquires twitter, i think i'll stop using it, as a sign of protest.
it seems i have tweeted &amp;gt;1000 tweets through the web interface. atleast one milestone reached before class, today...
ah. according to tweetstats, i tweeted more this month, than last month. and there's still a week left...
i admit defeat. i can't type too many tweets in a short span of time. i'd end up spamming people too.
and more importantly, most open source organizations have really nice ppl with whom you can interact with. #opensource
opensource
just realized that which organization you work for, doesn't matter much. whom you work with, does.
thanks! :)
i would really like if more of my friends use google+ regularly.
Hamirkalyani is an awesome raaga. #carnatic #music
carnatic
music
Android (Finally) Taking Steps Towards WebKit And&#160;Chromium via http://t.co/O7Ajxb5
and yeah. must begin studying for my cycle tests too. they start next week. secretly hope that they get postponed...
hmmm. i might have to do a video or a screencast of my gsoc project sometime soon. sounds good. will do it.
just noticed that my klout score seems to be rising quite steeply, of late...
84 tweets in 42 min?? that's 2 tweets per min. don't think i'd be able to reach 2000 tweets before morning class today...
thought that there will be a powercut at 8. nope. there isn't. yay!
Dhoni's preference: &quot;Veil, of course.&quot;
that completes one hour of trying to stay awake but dozing off. MUST.WAKE.UP!
i'd rather watch india's batting collapse, rather than see sachin score his 100th hundred in a losing cause in this shameful series.
open the innings. hit about half of the team's total. watch your mates get out. carry the bat. follow-on enforced. open the next innings.
can we see a 300+ score on the board now? plz plz.
dravid on 99...
&quot;Dravid might stay unbeaten this innings and have to come out again as an opener when India follow-on. That will require some real effort!&quot;
and gokulashtami poojai is on...
back to the old market.
microsoft does. :P
there's an app called smsBlocker on the android market that does that.
lol. hitler and hp. http://t.co/ivRSEY2
wow! just what I wanted! http://t.co/2QL7pZ4
what is that code in the background?
and why exactly am I not able to follow new people now?
and yeah, good morning folks. awesome weather at chennai...
twitter DOES need to roll out new features. improve lists, give some new designs, improve your people search, DO SOMETHING!!
Dash dot and more - Saar! Auto?: http://t.co/BRS5x9h
should write a twitter bot to find out which accounts are twitter bots.
lol. where do u search? twitter?
don't think so. they r emotionally drained after the world cup, kirsten's departure &amp; ipl. he would have taken care of tat.
really awesome! Clicking on hashtags seems to crash the app, though.
feels good to see some tweets abt myself. :P will retweet them now.
felt good to give a lightning talk at the #GTUGChn kickoff event today. :) #fb
GTUGChn
fb
that was an interesting video session with Shashank from Google. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
intro time. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
that is exactly what a service is!
and #GTUGChn kickoff has started. is delivering the keynote.
GTUGChn
why isn't any1 else tweeting about the gtug chennai kickoff event? #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
its actually &amp;gt; 150 million android activations now. :) #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
they're now playing that &quot;100 million Android activations&quot; video at #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
lol.
announcement by @ImKarthikK: #GTUGChn kickoff will start in 10 min. waiting for other enthusiasts.
GTUGChn
the first gtug chennai event is gonna start now... #GTUGChn #kickoff #fb
GTUGChn
kickoff
fb
New version of tweetdark free is much more awesome now!
Am at #GTUGChn now. With my parents. :P
GTUGChn
is it possible to get tickets for 2 people at the event? I have one and I'd be accompanying them.
any windows mobile/phone developers in India? whom can I connect with?
fake news: facebook buys palm. all social networks abuzz with 'facepalm' moments. @fakingnews
google+ completes me.
just woke up now n got to know about HP's future plans. BIG news.
good morning tweeps! have a wonderful day! :)
Conversation with Torvalds. http://t.co/GRySuUY
yikes! already 7 am! i can't stop reading these tech blogs.
not in the mood to go running now. will rather sit in room and code...
let us wait for it to dawn. we can at least see how wet the grounds are, behind our hostel. that'll give us some idea.
dunno. the ground might be wet. what shall we do?
good morning tweeps. :)
Long day...
Science: Five Little-Known Inventions From Deceased Robot Maker George C. Devol - http://t.co/4FPoXTj
haha http://t.co/uw3MDN8
even startup founders give lectures at UC Berkeley. so, my point is, becoming a prof is over-rated. i feel its not worth it.
twitter could do with a +1 button. i wouldn't want to favorite or retweet all interesting tweets.
and is awake now. can go jogging... :)
Kernel modules must have at least two functions: a &quot;start&quot; function called init_module() and an &quot;end&quot; function called cleanup_module()
ping me when u wake up. we'll go jogging.
oh, yeah. good morning tweeps. :)
Simply awesome - and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet http://t.co/Spdr4lQ. I hope I get one.
Will Google Lure Microsoft Into The Cellphone Briar&#160;Patch? via http://t.co/Qsm4feu
&#8220;Defending&#160;Android&#8221; via http://t.co/sqemUm1
something great is gonna happen today. i can sense it.
Apple&#8217;s Evidence In European Galaxy Tab Injunction Was Seriously Misleading&#8230; As In&#160;False via http://t.co/ebuFmyP
which one?
he got placed there? or is he our campus representative? @_iakkom
what is this about u and directi that i hear? @_iakkom
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE GOOGLE-MOTOROLA DEAL: Google Had To Do It--And It Could End Up Being A Disaster http://t.co/2UP6cXV
today's google doodle suddenly seems to look more like the motorola logo now...
maybe microsoft will acquire nokia now.
awesome news for google and android fans: google acquires motorola!
gonna make dosas of all varieties now... :)
eight tweets make a twyte.
what u upto, today?
good morning tweeps! :)
dad sure needs some rest now after driving for so long. as usual, i slept off during the boring parts of the journey. so, feeling fresh! :P
gosh! that trip to surutupalli was long, hot and tiring but it was fun and exciting at the same time too!
back home at last!
Off to surutapalli now.
finished gayatri japam now. :)
its my dad's bday today! happy birthday @simulation!
lol. what happened to gayatri japam? when u doing it?
its ok da. good morning! :)
i am NOT supposed to feel sleepy now after sleeping for such a long time today afternoon!! but i AM feeling sleepy...
u awake?
its goosebumps da
games on google+ are awesome!
time to rebel.
dang! slept for 4 hours again, in the morning!
happy aavani aavittam folks! just got back home after poonal changing ceremony... :)
why do i feel tired already? i must have slept for at least 3-4 hours today morning...
lol. even has a klout score of only 84.
disgusting sehwag.
u sure? i doubt it.
i just love typing nonsense on twitter!
klout is not a game, my friend.
hope to work on something related to twitter sometime soon...
dei dei. too much da! :P no football too, plz. :D
can everyone stop talking about cricket for a while? it hurts.
is any1 else having problems on facebook?
&quot;Your account is currently unavailable due to a site issue. We expect this to be resolved shortly. Please try again in a few minutes.&quot; - fb
is on a retweeting spree. if someone is following me on mobile, i'd suggest them to stop it for the next few days... :P #twitter #athome
twitter
athome
when will samsung galaxy tab 750 (10.1) be available on flipkart?
finally! the group has been created. welcome, fellow admin.
good morning tweeps! :)
got 20 min left to pack my stuff and here I am, before my comp, tweeting...
going to dosa mela at sangeetha's for dinner tonight. and then leaving for chennai. dear home, here I come!
whew! that was one hectic week at coll! glad that it has finally come to an end... almost.
windows mobile is over. i think u might be referring to windows phone...
good morning tweeps. another day nearly full of classes, coming up...
Evicted from my room by insects!! Gaah!
classes seem to be going fast. wouldn't say that about evening life...
fingers and arms screaming in pain! played mirudangam after months! feeling good. :)
The Hindu : Columns / Nirmal Shekar : Dravid deserves greater respect: http://t.co/akWrDII via @AddThis
Its important to keep ur ideas under wraps until u implement them.
this is the third continuous day that I am having a nearly-full day at college!! #eksi
eksi
planning to listen to classes from today... :)
oh. cool. asked because I got placed at Microsoft. was v curious n didn't know whom to ask. thanks anyway! :)
just wanted to clarify. Microsoft employees have the freedom to use non-Microsoft products like GNU/Linux as their OS, right?
already 11 am! gotta wash clothes b4 continuing work on #gsoc project... :(
gsoc
good morning tweeps! gotta get working. #gsoc
gsoc
wait. was the accident at sometime around 5pm in ecr road?
shit!! one of my closest childhood friends passed away today evening in a car accident!! shocked to get the news!!! :( :'(
Tired...
hi. i got to knw abt u in that html5.in conf last year at chennai where u talked abt css3. a doubt. do u work at microsoft hyd?
enjaai!
i hope that they don't chuck me out because i refuse to use the OS that they make... what am i supposed to do?
nope. forever GNU/Linux. more of an ubuntu fan actually...
damn! i never thought my twitter handle that way. i don't use windows... :P
what is windows xp?? (looks around to see if any1 else knows...)
Yawn! Good morning tweeps!
jus realized now. even the matrix had agent smith. #justsaying
justsaying
feeling depressed/angry/irritated/tired/sad?? listen to some music!
Awake at last... #goodmorning
goodmorning
feel sorry for mozilla! :( http://t.co/iOGbS46
bot from ur id to tweet greetings at regular intervals to specific people so that they don't feel that u r ignoring them. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
different forms of tweets that appear personalized to specific users. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
i believe and will have more #ideasfortwitter too.
ideasfortwitter
an AI program that tries to determine what ur mood is, from ur latest few tweets. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
a programming contest site that takes tweets as input programs for judging. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
let me a create a new hashtag on twitter and see how far it goes. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
my reaction wasn't for ur mokka. it was for getting placed in THAT company!
paappom paappom. either i won't be in THAT company or THAT company would have become the biggest champion of open source cos of me
angry that i'm being associated with something dumb. :P THEY WILL NEVER BUY MY VIEWS!! NEVER EVER!! NOOO....
my dad is live on radio at http://t.co/TNHUQix on aboorva raagangal part 2. 90.1 FM.
Fedora 7?? U must be kidding me!
congrats @_iakkom!! awesome job!
life's good when u have download speeds greater than 1.2Mbps.
wow! congrats guys! all the best for ur next round! u guys will surely get it!
ok. cool. i'll be going at 10.30. will come to room before that anyway. let me know if u change ur mind.
thanks da. my phone ran out of charge. i called her a few min back after putting it on charge. thanks anyway. :)
oh. cool. good luck with second round. :) btw, sp2hari is in garnet tonight and is leaving only tomo. coming at 10.30 to meet him?
back in room? what's ur interview status?
that's strange. i remember not being able to do an svn checkout from college...
interviews going on? good luck buddy. :) can u msg me when u r free? want to ask u something.
and the best gift on my star bday so far! commit access to the official wordpress android app! yay!! sign that i have finally grown up!
had an awesome dinner with the legendary @sp2hari!! planning to meet him again in a few hours. he is simply superb! learnt a lot from him.
Awesome star bday so far!!
Going to be the toughest exam of my life...
its disappointing days like these when I feel that I should stop watching/following cricket...
I believe that they came out with such an algo just for fun...
yep. :)
searching on google news for &quot;govind tiwari&quot; will give u a better picture...
he's a random guy who's infamous for creating the worst-looking blog one could ever create...
feels good to view a bit of nature whenever I look up away from my laptop. http://yfrog.com/h0tu9wgj
RT now just gonna wait for #basha to trend on twitter :)
basha
thanks to for gifting me these awesome headphones...
feels that headphones around one's neck look cooler than over one's head...
no. observed that i'm putting on weight. would love to start running long distances...
Integrating is tougher than developing stand alone parts of a program.
Must start running.
According to tweetstats, is the second highest person whom I have replied to, via twitter. The first is his old twitter handle...
Creativity is the father of Invention.
my situation is worse... :( couldn't go even though I had a ticket...
&quot;Lie! Run! Hide!&quot; Ya. Ok, right.
exactly.
There'll be a day when companies expect candidates to write program solutions in less than 140 characters...
lol. I wanted to say that first. But changed my mind later. :P Btw, did u just say 'apt'? I expected 'yum' from u...
someone with a rhyming nickname. where the nickname's first 3 letters are &quot;kay&quot;... ;) :P
I hereby christen my room as &quot;Anirudh's Laboratory&quot;.
did they just buy me and my views? no. they didn't. i still stand by what I've said...
Ayo kadavule! Some student next to me putting scene after first round. Irritating!!
vaazhkaikke machan...
Moral of the story: being good feels good.
When will I ever see a linux system being projected on the screen for these kind of presentations?
The organizing fellows from my coll r here. They're checking d sound system with some random music that sounds like a harmonica...
When was the last time that I arrived first at some place? This feels good...
No. I am not taking part in non-technical activities anymore...
what a lousy performance! :( #tc #srm
tc
srm
at ilab with @gklsndr...
awake at last...
That was another boring class. Relieved that I need not attend anymore for the day...
Sadly, I am so pazham that i'm scared to bunk classes...
WHAT.A.BORING.CLASS!!
TIL that Eric Schmidt was the co-author of LEX!
wow! awesome article da! thanks for sharing.
thank u! :)
thanks da. :)
didn't like it. expected more...
Disappointed with deivathirumagal...
Deivathirumagal with family now.
i think its karaharapriya da...
awesome bday gift! thanks!! :)
Had an awesome evening at bessie with parents!
ipl DOES improve cricket relations b/w countries. couldn't have expected pk n kp congratulate each other at the end of yday, if not for ipl.
now listening to Neevanti Daivamu Shadanana - Bhairavi raagam by Malladi Bros...
just realized that my typing speed has improved considerably over the past few weeks. touch typing finally seems to have paid off.
want inspiration? here it is... (in case u already haven't read it) :P http://t.co/kRKrCo1
oh. just realized that i have classes from 10.30 today. read it as 1.30 yday...
good morning tweeps. hope to have a better day today.
Shocked to know that google labs will be shut down!
That completes 2 boring classes for the day. Hope the next one is better...
Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me. #launch http://t.co/NlcH2PR via @vizualizeme
launch
only google can have white backgrounds, is it? i'll have a white background for my twitter profile too! (...pukes in the background later)
gnome3 is the worst thing that ever happened to fedora...
hmmm... how is twitter working properly on chromium - fedora 15 now?
i knew what today's google doodle was about, before clicking on it! that's because i was a bio student in 11th and 12th... :)
lol... http://t.co/lw3qzWg
@ home away from home... #spiderlab
spiderlab
Dear professor, if u r gonna teach us how to use the web, y dont u teach us how to brush our teeth, how to eat, etc as well?
I keep half-expecting the sites I write on my notebook, to automatically get converted into hyperlinks. @kgdinesh
yeah. official gingerbread update has been released! is it available in india? will have to check now...
so, now i am supposed to update my video card drivers and reinstall the adt plugin?? surely, this is a joke, right?
damn! i shouldn't have update my adt plugin...
enough of studying for the day...
where art thou?
back in college machis!
Nice. This compartment actually has got 2 plug sockets for every 8 seats, for charging laptops and mobile phones. and they actually work!
back home after shopping for clothes for bday. :)
god! still so sleepy...
lazy sunday afternoon...
:D just kidding
wait. I am an executive member of Amruthavarshini right? does it mean this? http://t.co/fX5PIoL
u should maybe try the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Load from snapshot&quot; options...
yay! android app is free from ads from the latest version! way to go!
last day of summer hols 2011. what do i do today? hmmm...
Tendulkar seems to have a long list of people who have got him out as their first wicket.
wow! thanks!
2 out of 3 electives? i think i'll drop kunwar....
hai! jolly! can timepass in daaktar's class...
hotot new UI doesn't appeal to me
experiencing awesome download speeds today!
is awake once again...
why am i suddenly having a download speed &amp;gt; 2Mbps ?? how come?
or break jagi's phone. u'll feel better. @ashwinjagadeesh
time to step on the gas pedal!
just realized that my phone's earphones are more comfy and provide a better effect than the normal earphones i lost a few days back...
am all the more motivated to work now! keep the cash flowing, guys... :P
passed midterms. :) congratulations to all other gsoc students who passed!
got a congratulatory mail now! thanks. :)
hey. sorry to bother you. just want to confirm. all procedures for midterm phase have been done from both our sides, right?
almost there...
font size? :P
at least commentary on cricinfo?
needs a chrome addon to convert all those hindi statements typed in english on facebook, to actual english statements. #cantunderstandathing
cantunderstandathing
i see many ppl use that da. was reminded by @ashwinjagadeesh's statement...
y do some ppl type &quot;come on&quot; as &quot;common&quot; ?? doesn't it mean something else?
gnome3 is worse than unity. u dont make me happy when i'm not able to customize u... :(
Nice post about Sammy. http://t.co/DBDI10B
thank u! thank u!
Iphone? Nope. My android. #customizability http://yfrog.com/klkitp
customizability
past 14 hours = 3 hours of sleep + 11 hours of coding!! whew!!
machi...  nee gethu da!
can't restrain myself from saying &quot;MUHAHAHA&quot; after writing some really nice code...
If I had been a twitter addict, I would've tweeted abt the minor road accident I witnessed outside my window jus now. But I'm not, u see...
first, i made my ubuntu look like a mac. now, my android looks like an iphone! :D #customizability
customizability
not yet. will try soon.
Reached home. Yay!
ya. Realized that. Wish the bar was thinner. The whole thing looks awesome anyway!
good luck! :D
Hope someone comes out with a lighter theme too, of tweetdeck...
Could do without that white bar between tweets though. #tweetdark
tweetdark
Wow! Tweetdark is awesome! Exactly what I wanted.
nice dp :-)
yep :-)
thanks. :)
Strange. Not getting sms for twitter replies...
we're on our way...
reached home?
market link for the app? Can't find it through mobile.
wru guys?
I think i'll have brunch today.
wru guys now?
Chanderpaul century! #whattaman
whattaman
who holds what positions in amruthavarshini for this year?
so what's the news from coll? what do we take with us?
do i integrate twitter with google+? nah, i don't think so. at least not yet.
working during weekends gives a nice feeling... :)
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! &amp;lt;pause&amp;gt; noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!
:D :P
oops! meant &quot;3rd year hols&quot; in my prev tweet...
wait. even if i return home in a few days, is today the last day of my 3rd sem hols?
thanks to my mentor's dvorak keyboard, i had an awesome voice chat with him today! :P
night out dhaan today! never have been so excited about my project, now that i've completely understood everything that is reqd!
just realized the power of discussing things thru skype over discussing the same thing thru irc channels!
don't think so...
i forgot. i got some amruthavarshini post right? :P what was it?
for those who use w3schools: http://t.co/WnerSoI
as usual. cheapness. http://t.co/KVcHEmW
in fact, its my backup mentor whom i'm interacting with, for the past few days. he has lived a few months in india! :D he knows. :)
both my mentors r v cool. they don't mind all this. but i feel ashamed to tell them how pathetic our country is....
lol. not him da...
ashamed to tell my mentor that i couldn't come online because of the power cut here in TN! WHERE IS MY CONTINUOUS POWER SUPPLY, CM??
yay! power back at last.... can now get back to work!
Worst day of hols ever! Think its a 9-5 power cut! all work stalled...
bleddy mosquitoes, y u stab me?
Androinica &#187; Android Market website ratings: a week of rants, reviews, and reality checks: http://t.co/Oq6aXK6 via @AddThis
elders say that only studies soru podum. i am hungry right now. what am i supposed to study?
omg! is truly awesome!! u might love it too!
3 maidens in a row! http://t.co/HsgpERL
u don't need to have a comp. how abt a mobile app? would be great to receive more of ur tweets...
AAAAAND... &amp;chbh=a does the trick! thanks to my mentor for pointing out how stats are implemented in the ios app! :)
and the new honda city arrived today! congrats @simulation!!
i want to make rage comics on some of my coll mates...
its not even 12 hours since i woke up but the day seems long... must be because i am working...
what is Kieswetter doing?? allow Cook to score a century!!
come on cook! get that century!!
cook seems to be playing his best odi innings ever!!
so, facebook decides to ask users to download an exe file for video chat?? that doesn't work even under wine for me... facebook is fail.
How to Sell Like Steve Jobs http://t.co/9Bcs9q5 via @copyblogger
sure! leaving to coll on sunday.
cool. thanks! :)
considering free anti-virus s/w for mom's netbook. ur suggestion? is avast still good?
love the background music too! http://t.co/U0cFiNf
have always loved these wafers...
yep. most of my work would finish by next week anyway...
cleaning up my inbox. setting up new filters b4 i leave to college...
some ppl don't use the reply button in twitter. wonder why...
am back on twitter!
rain!!
suddenly, life seems good...
taking up the job of fixing the algorithmist website and updating stuff, as my responsibility. does any1 want to join?
Facebook to launch its own country to take on Google Plus: http://t.co/IK5oKtB
Twitter Is Obscenely Profitable http://t.co/TphfLb5
ada paavingala! chennai not available as an option yet... cha.
wait. was the &quot;Add my location&quot; option available earlier for chennai tweeters? nice...
awesome! http://t.co/ofaUAYT
IBM develops 'instantaneous' memory, 100x faster than flash http://t.co/pamLr0v via @engadget
lol http://t.co/vJaVu0W
some prob with my android virtual devices. they crashed &amp; had to be force closed. seems a few of them were running in the bground...
omg! i just now realized why my lappy was heating up like a furnace...
my thought process, instead of &quot;oh! map is a hash! oh! dictionary is a hash too!&quot;, is &quot;oh! map is a dictionary!&quot;. i learnt python b4 c++ stl
what happened?
if u post that u'd need just one mark to pass, a sadist teacher would 'like' it, while a nice teacher would +1 it. #googleplusvsfb #mokka
googleplusvsfb
mokka
oh. i don't think the it'll get released officially before aug 30. that's when my project officially ends.
dei! the wordpress app has been in the market for a loooong time. i am working on it to 'improve' it...
Manmohan Singh laughs out loud at Ranbir Kapoor&#8217;s DoCoMo joke: http://t.co/yoUBap8
wait. Google! U r supposed to inform me when I get access to Google+!! Not wait for me to find out on my own...
I still can't figure out where my code exceeds the time limit!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh....... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!! TLE!
i'd dump facebook for google plus any day! now, if only someone would send me an invite...
gave off 2 of my shirts which i had outgrown, to my maid servant for her son. been quite some time since i last did that. feels good. :)
when u feel bad for having committed a mistake but dunno whom to apologize to, append #sorryshaktiman to ur tweet... :P
sorryshaktiman
omg! a c++ program has been waiting for input in my terminal, since morning. noticed only now. #sorryshaktiman
sorryshaktiman
I think it is during the evening only. Anyway, not adyar. Mandaveli today.
grand sweets dhonnai! \m/
must be due to that coldact that i refused to take but was finally forced to...
waking up after nearly 14 hours of sleep...
century only now. :( but better late than never...
darn headache!!
If life provided me an auto-complete option, i'll tab my way through final year of college...
oh. hostel fees by 20th july is it? I was worried that it might be 20th june or something like that...
I have no idea about date. I remember seeing some notice in hostel about payment of fees. What was that about?
when should we pay college fees? Is the date over or something? I remember seeing some notice...
ppl start thinking only when they shed their ego...
whatay sleep that was!
what's worse than lazy noobs? conceited lazy noobs!!
TIL what the DRY priniciple is...
hai! nice new youtube... :)
write code - check. write report - check. commit code - not authorized to commit!! u kidding me??
report submitted! can go to sleep peacefully now... :)
just realized something. u'd have to enable the snapshot feature while creating the avd...
hic... i must somehow stop these hiccups. hic...
linux
oh. i use only froyo... never knew abt gingerbread...
best to use the avd manager as u r doing. when u create one, and click &quot;Start...&quot;, u'lll see the options. saw in some blog.
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
googling about this problem would help u better...
have u heard abt sukumar prasad? he used to play carnatic music on guitar. no news of him for years. trying to find him...
it'll take time to close too. the next time when u launch the avd, remove the save to snapshot option as it is set the 1st time
it is usually slow the first time. b4 starting the avd, set the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Launch from snapshot&quot; in avd manager
...and i hate eclipse too...
i HATE my AVD's...
there is more to this code than that meets the eye...
had a gut feeling that it will rain today. so it does! awesome!
argh! everything is so complicated!! life is full of dilemmas...
a mistake that i keep repeating is that i give preference to clean, reusable code even when time is running out.
lol. mishra seems to be the highest scorer after dravid in this innings. well played.
dravid top-edges bishoo to give mid-on a simple catch. that's the end of a v fine century and the indian innings...
dravid six!! u don't see that v often...
nice innings from mishra. sharma on strike now.
ouch! sammy tempts mishra with a loose delivery outside off. mishra simply cuts it, only for third man to collect the catch easily.
Facebook Connect Updated | Codechef: http://blog.codechef.com/2011/06/23/facebook-connect-updated/
and just when i was thinking that rampaul wasn't leaking runs, mishra hits him for 2 consecutive audacious fours!
50 run partnership between dravid and mishra now!
i just love ravi rampaul's bowling! makes the batsman earn every run...
yay!! dravid century!! awkward shot but still an awesome innings...
dravid nudges the last ball of the over to third-man to take a single. moves on to 99.
with a leg glance to mid-on, dravid takes a single to move on to 98 now...
dravid on 97 now...
why would i want to sleep during the night when an india test series gives me company?
wow!!
even my parents find the weather here in Chennai to be horrible. and by that, I mean that I am not fussing.
ah. it is v cool and pleasant in Chennai during night time... WITH THOSE AC's SWITCHED ON, OF COURSE!!!
oops! was referring to a wrong file now. names of files should differ by more than just one character...
i feel that dark themes appeal more to me than the light ones...
after a few weeks, i think i can say that fedora 15 with gnome 3 is worse than ubuntu 11.04 with unity...
that was one long nap! don't even remember at what time I dozed off b4 the comp...
what is the quickest way to invoke nautilus? i think Alt+F2-&amp;gt;.-&amp;gt;Enter
one koshtin. was symbian really bad?
feeling really comfortable about twitter only now . cos of twidge...
I am using twidge to tweet about it! lol. https://github.com/jgoerzen/twidge/wiki nice.
system slows down drastically while running firefox 5 on ubuntu...
no auto-complete in firefox 5 too! disappointed...
netbooks are just perfect! but mom doesn't allow me to install ubuntu in hers... :P
then go for a netbook! simple. :P
lol. according to me, laptops can't be replaced b4 2020.
ah! voice! the form of input i dislike the most. i'd look like a chatterbox while tweeting, won't be able to do personal stuff, etc
its difficult to hold tablets and type at full speed at the same time... it might not be as convenient as laptops.
i wouldn't want to use a desktop while sitting on the bed, sofa or anywhere outdoors. that's why laptops originated, right?
so, if tablets are going to be docked and worked with, using a manual keyboard, i'll still call it a laptop.
nothing beats the convenience of a manual keyboard and a screen which u don't have to hold, for long usage.
i thought u meant bigger size for convenient usage...
what is the difference between an oversized mobile phone that shrinks and a normal mobile phone?
what?? u say there'll be oversized mobile phones and they'll shrink. we already have them!
will an oversized mobile phone even fit in our pockets?/
by 2020?
lol. I am already on it for a long time. In fact, even my parents use dropbox...
why suddenly now? isn't Dropbox old and famous?
can i know how u built it? there isn't any for chrome yet.
usb consumes less power. power consumption for phone 2g&amp;lt;3g&amp;lt;wifi&amp;lt;wifi hotspot, i think.
sad fact is, it doesn't matter much, even if i do get hit by a bus... :P
stupid me. i have all along connected my android phone to comp thru usb to use the internet. just realized the portable hotspot feature now.
wow! just now realized that the spoj rank tracker on firefox was done by you!
TIL I learnt what Bus Factor is...
going through my project history on its blog now...
Kasab offers to share the menu card for long term jail inmates, with kanimozhi... #fakenews
fakenews
Awesome 3g speeds all of a sudden!
most of ur followers seem to be bots or unknown ppl, y r u even tweeting?? aale illaadhe kadaikku tea aatharaiya? :P
my bro is still a twitter noob. i think i'll troll him... :P
celebrating special days like father's day isn't about showing ur love on that day. it is to remind how u have to be always...
every day when I wake up, I search online news for the official release of gingerbread for my samsung galaxy ace...
which phone?
the ind vs eng test series promises to be awesome!
ian bell has always been underrated... awesome series for him!
rm -rf /* ?
my bro's on twitter finally. he registered long back but never tweeted. irony is, his name is his twitter handle: @adithya
AOL Hell: An AOL Content Slave Speaks Out &#171; News http://t.co/MxlXJcE via @thefastertimes
good morning tweeps! that was one hectic week. hoping to have a nice weekend...
i sure have earned my weekend this time!!
very difficult to code when mood out...
its split into 500, 2250 and 2250. 500 now.
yikes! seems citi accounts are being hacked and some gsoc students have lost their money! thankfully, i still have mine! headin to atm now!!
http://yfrog.com/kjf8pkj windows... the real world is beyond.
I think i'll try my hands on photography soon...
my first purchase on flipkart...
which version? what's the problem?
Like the tweetdeck post widget on my home screen...
yeah. fb groups r awesome. I meant that fb apps hv a huge impact. not huge hit.
I get silly stuff on my news feed from some of them. need to go block them. they think everyone is so eager to knw wt they're upto
buzz includes gmail contacts. fb provides apps. and tht is a HUGE thing. but on fb, wtvr I post goes to ALL my friends n relatives
interesting stuff like videos and links. I want to find old friends n mantain contact. Not follow whatever they're upto.
Posting what u r upto right now,on fb feels like bragging,to me. I wud've followed u on twitter,if I hd been remotely interested in all tat
Why does tweetdeck show user details only in portrait view?
personally would like chrome browser to replace the android default browser on phones
i feel that the biggest competitor to chrome os or chrome browser on phones will be google itself, through android
I dunno which looks better: ubuntu 11.04 with macbuntu theme, fedora 15 with gnome 3, windows 7 or the chromium os i'm using right now...
nope
why don't u have a proper twitter dp yet?
don't ever to do a &quot;note to self&quot; on twitter. do a instead.
upgraded chrome to 12.0.742.100. hopefully i can play flash videos better now.
i have ALWAYS felt that chrome is better than firefox. i meant that shifting to firefox from chrome is almost impossible for me.
i will think of permanently switching over to firefox only if the address bar autocompletes what i'm typing.
lol. now it seems unfair, is it? http://t.co/SdiJnS3
no da. i really meant it. heading over to stackoverflow.com...
post ur queries at http://t.co/yyIRXXV :P
On a more serious note, I better get back to work.
Come on twitter! Give me more useless information for me waste time on.
feel like puking at windows start menu search. not working for months and no easy solution to it.
my twitter password has been changed to ******** (its hashed. so my original password might not have the same number of letters.) :P
yep. http://t.co/Q2Zndei
lol. what happened after that?
really wish that the next version of firefox autocompleted my url just like chrome...
why didn't headlines today do an extensive coverage about the issue before he died? plz take it up atleast now.
just a few more seconds for kate to get installed on windows...
what's their reason?
does searching on wikipedia help?
framework in what sense?
expected more from safari. not up to the mark...
this worked. http://t.co/kzhXIw0 just modified the solution in the first reply and it worked without a hitch.
recovered my Windows 7 at last, after a partial night-out!! Yay!! Triple booting Ubuntu 11.04, Fedora 15 and Windows 7 now!
Congrats!!
those guys are straining themselves to dig the road. they just don't realize that pouring something equivalent to rainwater will do the job.
http://yfrog.com/kf1lkaj suspicious looking men digging up the road in the middle of the night, outside my home. traffic sign put up though
i know it has awesome specs but not an absolute must for coll goers like us. there'll be somethin btr when we start working.
of course, i meant that galaxy ace is awesome enough for me in my previous tweet...
galaxy s2 seems worth it only if u have a deep pocket. it is almost double the price of my galaxy ace which is awesome enough for me.
thanks anyway. i have been without windows for quite a few months. would be prefer a completely risk-free approach to recover.
yes. but no official upgrades for it in india yet. http://t.co/6Kz3VEy
have kinda heard abt it. of course, i replaced fedora's grub to ubuntu's grub2.
u got an iphone or are u in a showroom? how is the native twitter app?
i have no idea! :P i never spent time understanding what all that meant. just wanted to have the latest distro! :P
Why I love and hate having a smartphone - The Oatmeal http://t.co/cJNlrTW via @Oatmeal
lol. &quot;might&quot;? that makes me a bit scared to try...
Help required. How do I recover Windows 7 after Ubuntu and Fedora install? Exact problem here: http://t.co/uDyU6TF
go outside and close the door. :P :D
is this the end of scheduled powercuts?
i have started loving my project much much more, all of a sudden!! dunno why exactly though...
i rarely use torrents...
Setting up Kate snippets http://wp.me/pP4hy-2B
i think it means playing only for pride. there is not much else to win, once the series is lost.
am all set for a heavy nap this afternoon. slept late, woke up early. perfect.
awesome profile pic!
have u tried freecharge.in? i think its good. works fine for me everytime.
searching for &quot;macbuntu 11.04&quot; on google shows my blog as the 3rd option and searching for &quot;macbuntu on ubuntu 11.04&quot; shows it as the first!
I'm at Anna Centenary Library (Kotturpuram, Chennai) http://4sq.com/ljWKEL
exactly!
? so?
where old woodlands drive-in was. near gemini flyover. parents say it is near stella maries coll.
yep
Semmozhi poonga is okay... Not awesome or anything.
aaathaaaa!! naa pass aaaayiten!!!
lol. jus saw the account. Ippo enna panna pora?
I shifted to chrome the next day. :P Echofon is the best for ff. Love the side pane option.
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 3 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2p
wanted to watch Alice in Wonderland since a long time back. found it in bro's lappy today. sweet.
lol. no. its going to be Alice in Wonderland...
mood out. need something to distract myself...
exactly...
learning to play the guitar with the help of today's google doodle is the in-thing now...
after 3 days of breaking my head over a bug, i show my code to my mentor. he points it out in a few seconds...
pains with/without glasses. finding it difficult to adjust to it.
please headache.leave me alone,
sick or slick?
Maaveeran in tamil...
it hurts whatever power u have. u must be knowing that. been without glasses for almost a week now. strain.
Power back after 310 minutes...
4 hours 15 minutes now. Even college was better...
Alwarpet.
3 hours and 15 minutes without power now...
2 hours and 15 minutes. still no signs of power coming back...
maybe a leg count of 44,000
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 2 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2g
enough blogging for the day. planning to come up with more tomorrow. till then, good night tweeps.
Still don't believe me? http://wp.me/pP4hy-2f
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 1 http://wp.me/pP4hy-26
I remember the first time I came upon svn. I couldn't figure out what exactly it was, for quite a few days... :P
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 0: http://wp.me/pP4hy-24
ya. -0.5 in left eye. headache for the past few days...
gotta wear glasses from tomorrow... :(
Macbuntu in Ubuntu 11.04 http://wp.me/pP4hy-1V
is my excessive sleeping due to my current eye prob or has it become a habit or is it just laziness? can any of my medical friends clarify?
it used to be one hour earlier...
gah! that 2 hour powercut was irritating!
one more #kde application that I love: Basket!!
kde
back on twitter. nothing can stop me now.
Sad that almost everyone seems to support either one of the two sides, both without any credibility. #babavscong
babavscong
I don't trust any baba or godman.
Manmohan Singh needs a magic wand. U r not a street magician. U r the pm. Shows that u yourself r either inept or corrupt. Disgusting!
Tiwary evades the questions posed to him and runs away...
Dei, tiwary, answer those qsns by Jethmalani now!
and the week starts... #mondaymorningblues
mondaymorningblues
listening to music after so many days!
chennai's weather is no different from trichy's. :(
&quot;trust-me-jayabalan&quot; or &quot;trust me, jayabalan&quot; ? :P
what happened to me??
Some kids from US are so well behaved. But most are not. #sad #fact
sad
fact
So, do I have any more of these ill-mannered brat-from-US relatives?
Just got to know that Ganesh and Kumaresh are distance relatives of mine. :-)
sitting in a random park in bangalore and working on lappy. awesome weather too...
games!! Heavy games!!
Damn! I think must wear glasses now! :(
Ouch! Came to bangalore for a marriage. it seems the bride's dad passed away yday n marriage postponed!
so, did u actually send ur 1000th tweet to me?? :P ;)
that was development da. this is programming...
ouch! so out of touch that i am struggling to solve programming problems now... :(
Dunno whether to laugh or cry - &quot;Chinese teen sells his kidney for an iPad 2 - Telegraph http://t.co/UbFgrH3 &quot;
Government releases official yoga position to remove corruption: http://t.co/exQJfyP
Why Facebook is Scared of Twitter - http://t.co/37n6bbP
hurray! my code works properly now!!
I still can't believe that some ppl still trust this govt!! minister-steals-a-telephone-exchange-loots-bsnl: http://t.co/h6jnVhy
Oracle 'donates' OpenOffice.org to Apache foundation | ZDNet UK http://t.co/vQbWdzS
my first-ever screencast! :P http://youtu.be/WiA0CGh2UkE
can u make the Twitter id in the website linked to the twitter account and clickable?
dei, dk. when u r putting up a link, don't put a full stop immediately after it. twitter recognizes it as a part of that link!
not exactly. i made it a point to change my twitter background everyday. that's all.
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;After the Rain&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
ouch! installed some random twitter background only to realize that, that site had spammed my twitter timeline too...
i live in alwarpet and it is raining here
and the rain starts! perfect weather.
woke up just now. looked up at the sky to find it absolutely dark at 4.30pm!!
Heavy lunch, warm weather, power cut, pleasant music... zzzzz...
yay! life is so much simpler now. i can code what i intended to do, now... #android
android
ah. now i realize that there is a compatibility library for older api versions, to implement fragments...
so badly want fragments and action bar to be back-ported to at least api level 8! would be so much easier to code then... #android
android
cool. jayalalitha saw me now. she must be privileged... :P
i am being plagued by something like this... https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/compiz/+bug/778490
:D RT: @Aarthi_2410: toxic dose of ur thathuvam. Am already hyperventilating :-D
not yet. all the way, flags, banners and posters standing...
think tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha would be passing through the road, where my home is, today...
when u have an opportunity to do a good deed, do it. one of them might go a long way... #thathuvam
thathuvam
good morning tweeps. this is a fine morning...
ah! very tired now. gonna sleep early and wake up early. new habit from now on.
goodbye bad habits!
had a wonderful time with every1 during grandma's 80th birthday celebration!
Grandma's 80th bday celebration! (@ Matsya Restaurant) http://4sq.com/ipH10Y
I will RT this now. :P
Grandma's 80th star bday today. Returning home from kapaleeshwarar temple now.
yes. it did. :-)
Booked tatkal tickets with my #android thru #opera with #3g. #win
android
opera
3g
win
http://yfrog.com/h0ls0dnj My new tshirt from :-)
Linus Renames 2.6.40 Kernel To Linux 3.0, Announces Release Candidate http://t.co/KOIPigt
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Garden Wallpaper&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
yay! got my first t-shirt from now! looks great!
#ubuntu11.04 - #chrome.  #fedora15 - #firefox. #android - #opera.
ubuntu11
chrome
fedora15
firefox
android
opera
#opera on android is super awesome!
opera
went on a #firefox add-on download spree! sooo many add-ons now! yay!
firefox
of course, its obvious what it is. but why the underscore?
leaning towards #firefox more than #chrome now...
firefox
chrome
RT dai y did u change ur name??
ROFL! SO TRUE!! RT: @krishashok: Back after a break. Late night snack #tambrahmrage http://bit.ly/jP9K48 by and @krishashok
tambrahmrage
Good morning tweeps.
there! it crashed again!!
u kidding? my 11.04 keeps crashing at least 5 times in a day!! dunno y.
damn! #ubuntu! stop crashing!!
ubuntu
just had a epiphany! time to set my priorities right...
think i solved my problem of forgettin #topcoder #srm's. setup #google calendar to remind me thru emails, popups and #android notifications.
topcoder
srm
google
android
how abt applying for indian citizenship? :P ;)
Back home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Home) http://4sq.com/l2YweE
I just became the mayor of Anirudh's Home on @foursquare! http://4sq.com/jeoQbu
introducing my mom to #dropbox now. :-)
dropbox
At Grandparents' Home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Grandparents' Home) http://4sq.com/keBSg6
RT @lut4rp:  I'm not &quot;on&quot; twitter. It's asynchronous. If I get a notification and the message needs a reply, I will.
the more i use twitter, the less i use facebook...
#NowPlaying Shri Maha Ganapathe by Balaji Shankar - Abhogi Raagam - Kanda Chapu Thaalam
NowPlaying
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Moonlit Meadow&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
this is more complex than i thought...
accidental power nap! :P
no dhoni for WI tour...
i always seemed to like #firefox #addons more than #chrome #extensions. the way chrome displays its extensions doesn't appeal to me...
firefox
addons
chrome
extensions
time for an haircut...
good morning tweeps! feels great to have parents back at home!!
yeah! but i keep missing almost every srm!
HATE MYSELF!! missed registering for today's #topcoder #srm today too! was watching csk bash rbc around...
topcoder
srm
any luck with ur phone? tried &quot;Wheres My Droid&quot; ?
lol. I don't think I've ever recorded a video from this phone. Never thought about it. :-P
galaxy ace s5830. Really good.
my first salary is still sleeping in my gsoc atm withdrawal card. badly want to get something BIG for my parents with my first salary...
not everyone does.
u there at #rubyconfindia?
rubyconfindia
what about Settings-&amp;gt;About phone ?
some lady complaining on a news channel that gold prices are too high for middle class ppl like her. y buy gold then?? #showoff
showoff
lol! Ha ha!
Wow! mobile.twitter.com is awesome!
meant that too under editor... :P RT: @batusaix911: or like an IDE :D
life is like a text editor. u may not like what u have, but u can always customize it to be the way u like it... #thathuvam
thathuvam
this article might convince you. http://www.androidtapp.com/wheres-my-android/
i think the default text msg is &#8220;Wheres my Droid&#8221;. u might want to be there in the location before msging.
of course, i mean installing through web. http://bit.ly/jElUjm
i am trying to say that u can install it now too, through the android market. u wouldn't have to confirm at the other end...
I'm one of the first in line for the &quot;One Page Twitter Dashboard&quot; from #TwitSprout. Join me  http://t.co/GgTLq6j via @TwitSprout
TwitSprout
seems that #mci delhi is heading towards the same scenario as that of mci chennai. good start, then becoming absolutely boring...
mci
y don't u check?
i just followed 4 guys who were tweeting about #mci delhi. my timeline is full of their tweets now... :P
mci
just when i was thinking whether my eyes were tricking me into believing that the twitter details pane was thinner... http://tnw.co/jWI2U6
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.alienmanfc6.wheresmyandroid
u can install Where is my Droid through the market place onto your phone and make it ring...
no kung fu panda tickets available in satyam for tomorrow. inox website not working properly...
i can't believe that is following me on twitter!! feel so honored...
when u r not hungry but still want to munch on something, don't go for junk food. try munching green bean sprouts instead. #healthytweets
healthytweets
lol. he won't read my tweets da. don't worry. :P
The Da Vinci Code was running on Sony Pix now. The poor direction reminded me of Sachin's poor captaincy in yday's match...
no da. am trying out new themes daily. tweeting abt them so that my followers can try them out too...
i completely forgot that i have an extra white panel for my mobile! i think i will try it out now...
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Rectangles&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps. have a great saturday!
yeah. remastered ubuntu. http://www.oslike.se/
googling about macbuntu might help. most of those sites have screenshots...
yes, it did! sadly macbuntu doesn't seem to available for ubuntu 11.04 yet. i think those guys are making it a fork of ubuntu.
and of course, for the mac experience, i was using macbuntu on my ubuntu 10.10 for a few months... :P
btw, i haven't attempted recovering Windows in my lappy. Windows7 doesn't figure in my bootloader. not interested in it either.
lol. I downloaded Chromium OS a few months back and installed it on my pendrive and tried it. :P don't use it much though...
no no. I had Eclipse in Fedora 14. Now have it in Ubuntu 11.04. overwrote Fedora 14 with 15. So, downloading Eclipse for 15...
i think i'll just download eclipse and android sdk in fedora 15 too, to be safe. will be my download for the night...
i think i'll be done with my work by tomorrow morning. gonna sleep now. gotta wake up early tomorrow.
#guake looks very nice in #fedora 15...
guake
fedora
@dorait: any tech meetups this weekend in chennai? been a long time since I attended any. dunno where exactly to find...
did u have a look at samsung galaxy ace s5830? i think it is pretty good. ~15k. worth every penny.
good night. :)
i think u were waiting for such an opportunity to tweet about, throughout the tournament! :P
has firefox plugin-finder service EVER found adobe flash plugin? i think not. #firefox4
firefox4
why are the firefox guys so keen on maintaining space for the title bar? would like it be how it is, in chrome. #firefox4
firefox4
browser is where twitter is... #echofon #firefox4
echofon
firefox4
sadly twitter.com is crashing even in chromium... #fedora15
fedora15
although i might want csk to face mi, i think rcb deserves to get into the finals, more... #ipl
ipl
frankly saying, MI must produce such a performance today, to make the world believe that it deserves to get into the finals. #ipl
ipl
sometimes, major decisions in life might be based just on small reasons... #thathuvam. like changing browsers, for example...
thathuvam
gnome3 might not be perfect, but #fedora did the right thing by moving to gnome3 if they wanted to stand upto ubuntu and compete. good job!
fedora
#gnome3 looks good. but cannot say that it is very customizable...
gnome3
that's strange! twitter.com keeps crashing in chrome fedora 15...
ani who? me?? i dont even have windows on my system since february!
100th century at Lords would be the best!!
lol. no right click almost everywhere!! #gnome3 #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
typical. firefox occupies more screen space than necessary in #gnome3. #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
fedora 15 is good. i like it. :)
tweeting from fedora 15 &quot;Lovelock&quot; live cd. gnome 3... i think i'll take it.
downloaded #fedora 15 once again! hope it works properly this time...
fedora
some #kde programs that #gnome might never be able to beat: kate, yakuake and k3b.
kde
gnome
the Jura mountains in Switzerland.
#lessinterestingbooks Bored Ultimatum
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks Harry Potter and the Bengal Prince
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks  Harry Potter and the Prisoners of Tihar
lessinterestingbooks
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Daytime Daffodil&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps!
I earned the Lone Wolf sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/kyC9ft
proteinex is the best!
RT Awesome free ebook of startup wisdom from Hiten Shah, Noah Kagan, Patrick McKenzie and others http://bit.ly/MicroConf2
Anirudh S looted a cool item at http://t.co/Y7Vo6bE 0 ago
wow! that sure would be superb!
lol. my coll's curriculum is pathetic! the teaching is worse... just passion to write code drives us forward...
sure. right now or long term? i study at nit trichy. 3rd year btech comp sci. right now working on the app... :P
yeah. working on the existing android app of wordpress...
AAAAND... ITS MY 1000TH TWEET!! 4 figures. ;) &quot;dedicate&quot; it to my amma - - the best mom in the whole world!!
some stats: 50% download of fedora 15 over. today is my mom's star bday. this is my 999th tweet. ;)
kinda yes. dunno what to plan...
dunno. parents wouldn't be at home...
would like a tweeple meetup at chennai. would be fun! any1 up for it?
thanks da. :)
the starter kit contains a pen, some documents to be read, a cute notebook and the prepaid card... #gsoc
gsoc
yay! got my google summer of code starter kit now ! :-)
wait. when did fedora 15 stable get released? @kadithya: u know?
klout is cool. i like it. @klout
just had tomato soup made my grandma! was awesome! perfect for this weather...
very cloudy here. might rain later in the day... :)
wow! awesome weather at chennai today!
good morning tweeps. will be working the whole day today...
timeline problem - Twitter Status http://t.co/tbMoSRo via @twitter
still not able to recover my timeline... what is going on??
what just happened? my timeline disappeared! #twitter
twitter
want a a csk vs mi finals this year too. after all, noone would mind losing to SRT. of course, i'd expect csk to win! #ipl #csk #whistlepodu
ipl
csk
whistlepodu
why would ravi shastri have to carry his personal computer along with him to tweet? he can always tweet from his mobile. #ipl
ipl
why should I implement a GridView? I can as well implement nested Linear Layouts if i know how many elements i'm using...  #android
android
whattacatch! #whattaman #srt
whattaman
srt
just received 2 coupons for discount of 100Rs on Inkfruit t-shirts, through freecharge. can i use both coupons on the same tshirt?
omg. just now woke up after a loooooong sleep.
ok
cycling in the evening. will check availability of movie tickets.
ya. some1 online.
hard-fought draw! feels great after being on the brink of losing...
must be greater in size or space than what's allowed...
y don't u have a proper twitter dp?
if u already haven't bought an inkfruit tee #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
if u r gonna tweet just to win free t-shirts #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
in my college, comp sci subjects are taught better in other depts like EEE and ICE. sad. and would agree...
neatly explained solution for second shortest path. http://bit.ly/mIJXwk
wow! linux using javascript! http://bellard.org/jslinux/
feel like going through topcoder algorithm tutorials now...
and how is it that i have never come upon this? it is just awesome!  http://oeis.org/
this is good. http://jlongster.com/s/dom3d/ lags a bit in my browser though...
&quot;The distance between two points on a sphere will be proportional to the chord connecting them.&quot; hmmm...
http://groups.google.com/group/algogeeks is the link. u can join the group if u r interested. (a li'l spammy though)
solution didn't exceed expectations. typical O(log n) solution only. but one nice obsvn. not considering leading zeros. so n always odd...
reading a discussion on finding whether the binary representation of a number is a palindrome or not...
ubuntu mouse pointer lag hurts... painful to see it move across slowly...
so, i guess i'll go read those mails for the next one hour... #algogeeks
algogeeks
abt 550 mails in my mailbox under the label algogeeks. been filtering and storing them for a long time without reading them properly...
is planning to go on a tweet spree soon. mobile followers, if any, please be warned...
nothing motivates me better than failure! let the coding begin...
damn! so close to submitting solution to 500 problem! #topcoder
topcoder
&quot;error: declaration of &#128;&#152;std::vector&amp;lt;coin&amp;gt; coins&#128;&#153; shadows a parameter&quot; - very helpful. thank u! #sarcasm
sarcasm
when was the last time i saw dawn??
there! this is my twitter theme for the day.
I just rated 9 Superhero Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/kEVgGy
am thinking of getting myself a t-shirt from seems good...
feel good to wake up early! especially this early!!
it feels funny when u sleep for long and wake up at the time when u usually go to sleep daily...
32 degrees C. chennai alwarpet.
some guy in my timeline retweeted stuff from microsoft about windows phone and all that... immediately unfollowed him.
lol. i AM planning to... :P
wow! that was awesome! my new cycle is very comfortable, i must say! exceeded my expectations. full 10 out of 10!
time to go cycling! :-)
almost dozed while watching tv... i dont even remember what i was watching... back to work.
RT @cricinfo_news: Anand Ramachandran on the awesomeness of Chris Gayle | Page 2 | ESPN Cricinfo http://t.co/hDMJorf
interested in learning magic tricks? watch Indrajit Murali in sri sankara channel at 1pm on weekdays. he's really good...
i'd say zaheer khan instead of bollinger or praveen kumar...
gotta resume working now...
yay! connected to the internet thru ubuntu!!
my ubuntu not connecting to my wireless connection even after multiple restarts. dunno why...
y isnt my internet connection working???
want to put the netbook at home to good use. any suggestions?
changed my twitter background after a looong time. feels fresh and different now. must remember to do it often...
to sleep or not to sleep? irritated that code isn't working. not sleepy either...
very misleadingly titled article...
Rahul Gandhi
i think u look the same even now! (tat foto)
dhoni can't do anything wrong today! de villiers goes... #ipl #csk
ipl
csk
peanut butter
t-shirt or shirt?
Get free coupons with every mobile recharge http://t.co/y7HgnEJ via @freechargein
dmk complains that Rebecca Black was responsible for their 2nd successive horrible friday. makes &quot;tgif&quot; taboo within party.
yeah! me too.
if they had been THAT brave enough, they would have surrendered on their own...
i dedicate my 900th tweet to @simulation! he's my dad and he's fun to follow on twitter...
now plz shut that stupid channel down...
news channels...
for all those who pronounce kanimozhi as kanimoli or kanimoyi, this is the way to do it. http://vocaroo.com/?media=vmXAMIUIrhbl6CGWr
i think i might move over permanently from vlc to banshee for music...
Support #Android, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/3c9veB - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
Android
twibbon
Support #WordPress, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/6HK8am - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
WordPress
twibbon
I earned the Check-in Rookie sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/llWuUm
I just rated 12 Animation Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/j5eVSr
i dont think i'll have a use for fedora anymore... installed eclipse, adt plugin and other necessary stuff in ubuntu 11.04...
I earned the Addon Adhesive sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/mkJWL2
tweetdeck, where's my droid, barcode scanner and maybe gmote too...
u can try chromed bird for tweeting. it has an url shortener within it too...
Sir, if you can click the reply button every time u reply to someone's tweet, we wud know in what context, ur tweet is in. Thanks.
A letter to Rahul Vinci (&quot;Rahul Gandhi&quot;) https://www.facebook.com/topic.php?uid=111552515531825&amp;topic=924
thank you @twitvim!! this is really awesome!
I can now tweet from vim!! Awesome!
anirudh24seven
do u mean gilly and marsh?
of course!! :)
we can get our phones upgraded from Froyo to Gingerbread. i.e. Android 2.2 to Android 2.3
of course, it'll happen only later for India...
Did u hear the news? Gingerbread Promised for Galaxy Devices by End of May http://bit.ly/m1oCOF
decided that i'll sleep throughout the morning and afternoon on weekdays and do a night-out daily. can't stand the summer heat...
for every arbit tweet that i see, i am unfollowing that person. feels good to keep my timeline clean...
yeah. saw those &quot;scenarios&quot; article on cricinfo? they haven't updated it after yday's match though...
oops! lol. yeah... even i want bangalore to lose...
he knows that no total can be small enough for gayle. smart playing... #gilly
gilly
planning to install a lot of chrome extensions...
oh. 21st of this month? will check the invitation for the exact location now. am coming...
how abt http://theme.wordpress.com/themes/clean-home/ ?
my work is related to d UI. existing app has an old style interface which is not v intuitive. trying to make it more easy to use
if u r usin twitter through twitter.com, u'll usually see &quot;# new tweets received&quot; which u'd have to click. this eliminates tat
modifying the existing wordpress android app...
cool. :)
Auto refresh twitter - Chrome Extension. u ppl might like it. http://bit.ly/eKMPnG
wow! @HowStuffWorks's android app is awesome!
9-5? which day of the week? i'm having daily power cut from 11 to 11.45...
Mini idly and masal dosai at grand sweets. :) (@ Grand Sweets) http://4sq.com/kgN4D4
maybe its an Apple-sponsored attack to make the masses believe that iPhone is indeed popular... #facebook #spam
facebook
spam
will unfollowing constitute fair play?
i judged a book by its cover and i turned out to be right ! :P
what a wonderful morning! forced myself to wake up. am all eager to visit the koturpuram library today... have a great day tweeple!
of course! very true...
they are responsible for powercuts, water shortages and bad roads. it affects everyone. that's why we vote...
now, the question is, &quot;who will become the opposition leader?&quot; gabdun or mk ?? #tnelections
tnelections
Facebook admits hiring PR firm to smear Google http://t.co/yn44TPh via @engadget
http://brooksreview.net/2011/05/ballmer/ Can anyone challenge these views?
BREAKING NEWS: Mother's day celebrated again in TN, 5 days after original Mother's day! #amma #tnelections
amma
tnelections
both the major parties promised freebies... and one is leading. is it still a snub? i think ppl still want freebies...
which constituency? mylapore?
depends on how many seats his party manages to win... :P
do u know abt mylapore? how can i find out?
lol. http://gabeswebsite.com/images/funny/wrestle.gif
not so disappointed though. got the 500 right. whew! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
read the qsn wrong for 250. thought that final configuration was given n was asked to calculate the initial config. #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
me! me! me too!RT @ashwinjagadeesh: Anyone else feeling ashamed to say rahul gandhi an indian?
gaaaah!! made a mistake in my solution! damn!! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
intermission phase now... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
if it is c++, then i think http://cplusplus.com/reference/stl/ can help u a lot...
why's that?
lol. only 15 submissions for the 1000 pt problem so far... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
i HATE youtube!!
u seem to be in a good mood. guess what i had for dinner now. :D (u'll surely love it if u try it!)
why is  http://developer.android.com/videos/index.html down? shows a 404: Not Found error!
wow!! i was just searching for the same thing!! thanks!
wikipedia did say thru twitter that there might be some problems, right?
i was all excited about google music beta and requested an invitation! only to find that the service was available only in the US... :'-(
Want to watch the keynote speech by live streaming. But leaving for a movie now. :-( #io2011
io2011
never realized that if u enclose text with * in gchat, it appears in bold. for example, *hello* will make hello appear as bold... #gchat
gchat
haha. i &quot;dedicate&quot; my 800th tweet to you with this reply!!
oh. never realized that i am already close to 800 tweets... this is easy :P
there can't be a new TR-rage... cos he's already T 'RAGE'ndar...
i think i am so getting used to working from home... :P hope that the habit doesn't continue when i get a job...
#chatzilla is my favorite irc client...  the only reason i have got firefox running on my comp, actually...
chatzilla
bad luck. my q&amp;a session with the #wordpress community has been scheduled to 10.30pm today. wud be in satyam watching Ko with family. #gsoc
wordpress
gsoc
yuvraj with ganguly now... :)
videos are always an awesome way to learn stuff.
wonders why gtug chennai doesn't have a twitter account yet...
when hasn't Microsoft tried that?
ganguly's strike rate is 0, right now... #ipl4
ipl4
want to follow all google sites on twitter? here is the link... http://www.google.com/intl/en/press/twitter-directory.html
rightly said! :)
wish twitter provided some badges... or wait! is twitter awesome because it doesn't do all that??
my thoughts exactly !! :P
machi. just noticed that you have more followers than following!! #celebrity da nee! @Satish_NR
celebrity
i think i might reach 800 tweets by today...
thanks! :)
myself, sriram, sagar sumit and nivash went through a few rounds but didn't get it. not sure about nivash...
feels that most of my college mates cannot stop bragging about their internships on facebook... grow up ppl! what say ?
Lunch over. Was good. :-)
for that he should try. We shouldn't try... :P
lol. No no. the talks on #android apps r usually awesome... #io2011
android
io2011
everyone is capable of everything. What we do determines who we are... #thathuvam
thathuvam
acquisition of skype by microsoft confirmed... :(
gotta have lunch now. will maybe tweet from my mobile then... :P
wish that the Action Bar widget was available for #android versions &amp;lt; 3.0 too...
android
the more you learn, the more you can think and come up with better ideas... #knowledge #thathuvam
knowledge
thathuvam
i haven't downloaded google chrome 11 on my fedora yet, just because i don't like the logo... :P
nice to see that you are still concerned about the indian education system. i gave up long ago...
and while you are it, you can check out the actual #io2011 website too... http://www.google.com/events/io/2011/ #google #awesome
io2011
google
awesome
going for 'ko' nightshow at satyam today... #ko
ko
what if i can't go to #io2011 ? i'll live stream it or look at it online later... :)
io2011
wonder why gmail every time seemingly seems to be loading something for a loooong time while nothing is actually loaded... #gmail
gmail
love the android app for google i/o 2011... looks awesome! http://bit.ly/knyOMt check out the screenshots! #io2011
io2011
i think i shall start tweeting...
lol at @RajivMakhni's remark that its sad tat mobile manufacturers haven't yet come up with a phone for ppl who can't use one of their hands
can u summarize what is different in this year's contest from last year? i want to know before i get into it...
u r a chennaiite if u r tweeting about #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
if u can't finish ur dinner at a restaurant, ask the waiter to 'pack' it... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
anyone living in sowcarpet is a settu... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
always quote half of ur intended price to auto drivers. they are sure to double it. #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
ah! that feeling of satisfaction when ur mom hands u cold coffee at home... #priceless
priceless
To kapaleeshwarar temple now, with family. :-)
i want an awesome reminder app for android. free app, of course. any suggestions?
it is just awesome!! my default twitter client on mobile. extremely user-friendly! #tweetdeck
tweetdeck
it would. one might never know when he'd be armed again and destroy countless lives again...
sleeeeepy... want to replace my broken ubuntu with something proper b4 going to sleep. found that 11.04 wasn't to my liking.
disappointed and disgusted with  #natty... #unity
natty
unity
counter-intuitive,unnecessarily takin up valuable screen space,flashy enuf to please all kids.congrats ubuntu! u sure have dug ur own grave.
damn! I didn't da... :-( semma flop. I didn't even meet ht ma'am as senior couldn't contact me due to some mobile problem... :-(
dravid's wicket would cheer up randiv after being slammed around by him...
@Messidk90: think its time that you learnt that its 'loser' and not 'looser'. u r gonna be a final year student soon... @Satish_NR
gotta start packing now... sigh... #boring
boring
yay! exams over! spending time on learning more vim stuff now... #vim #fun
vim
fun
guess so...
listening to Sambho Siva Sambo now...
now playing PuliUrumudhu. in the mood for loud, noisy songs now...
Damn! RT No undue sympathy to students falling short on attendance: Court http://bit.ly/km8cJm
an experienced user like u had to search for the terminal! that's just bad. #unity
unity
http://t.co/W73ex9F For those who are still fans of #ubuntu, 11.04 has been released. #unity
ubuntu
unity
I remember celebrating the release of 10.10 not long ago. I dont even feel like trying 11.04 though...
Worm horror in Subway chicken sandwich http://t.co/sVN6Wlc
Softlinks vs. Hardlinks: A Quick Explanation | Techthrob.com http://j.mp/k7iSek via @AddToAny
great to have you back on twitter !
i dont think i'd want an ipad at any point of my life. #ipad2 #india
ipad2
india
Big shoutout to all fellow hackers . Be there at 'Triggr The Mobile' on 14th May 2011, Noida http://triggr.in #triggr @triggrin
triggr
should pause the work on my project. time to have breakfast. very hungry.
the most attractive employer in india! http://t.co/dTaPT2N5
yahoo made so many awesome web products. it started going down when it stopped innovating.
whew. power back. can start working on my project now.
hmmm. this bing desktop app is decent.
want. when will lumia 900 start shipping to other countries like india?
good morning! :)
lol. no thanks. :D
enough of twitter. finding it difficult to study.
luckily, i was advised not to go home and bring back my windows phone. would have been heavily distracted by it, now during exams.
enjoying the rain?
i wonder what is the point of studying all this if i am not able to write it in the exam within the given time. :-/
they should give extra 15 minutes in exams for slow writers like myself. :P
only solution is to listen to music from my comp. :-/
this random music from the 2nd floor of my hostel is at a perfect sound level to keep me disturbed. neither too high nor too low.
point taken. :)
news source?
going to change my approach to studying. will first finish studying the summarized version in my notes and then read the textbook. #adbms
adbms
Bayern hs bn knwn to b involved wit charitable ventures,helping other FC's in financial disarray as well as ordinary people in misery. #wiki
wiki
my support for today's match: Bayern Munich.
:D
slowly getting into knowing more about football clubs. looking out for a team to support.
And both, dropbox and skydrive allow you complete control over your files. they remain yours and yours alone.
Not to mention that Google can use all your files in whatever way they want. Google has surely become evil with its terms n conditions.
Google drive's 5GB looks stupid in the face of 25 GB offered by Microsoft skydrive.
they effectively shared the cost of the patents  and both of them can use all those patents under a licensing deal. nice.
Microsoft selling many of those AOL patents to facebook is a good move for both of them.
synset in nltk is awesome!
want a python interpreter on android. how difficult will it be to implement? hmmm...
i want to sleep. :( but no power in hostel. might have to sleep in clc itself.
i don't think i will be participating in topcoder srm's in a long time. the last 2 were hard enough to make me lose my interest.
there. another huge drop in my rating.
nope. i am no way consistent.
wow. whatte result. failed system test. :-/
there is no such thing as too much internet.
based on text mining, sentiment analysis and twitter. :)
windows phone development is good. i feel that it is easier and better than android to work with. i haven't worked with ios though.
i think that there is no point of waiting for this topcoder srm results anymore. it could take up the whole night.
moral of the story: speak up if you don't like something. u might come under heavy fire initially but u'll finally get what u want. :)
there. issue solved. classmates shifted their mokka posts to another new group. :)
will the central lecture hall complex be open for students in the mornings too? i can come here and work on my project tomo, then.
and i have been waiting for this for more than an hour now...
omg! it seems that the admins remembered to click the &quot;system test&quot; button only a few minutes ago! is this even true? #topcoder
topcoder
first they set problems that require 3 nested for loops and now they announce that system tests are slow. a link between the two, perhaps?
this is bad. system test results have not yet been updated. the situation has been like this for the past many srm's. #topcoder
topcoder
quantal quetzal??? seriously?? this is going downhill since the last 2 releases.
stupid classmates spamming all over the facebook group.
irritating classmates. jobless people.
very tough topcoder matches lately. dunno what is going on. number of solvers has decreased a lot.
at least i solved a problem. but wait, let me see whether it passes system tests.
wasted &amp;gt;45 minutes on one &quot;+k&quot; bug in a tc srm!! :(
i want a bot that listens to ur problems, gives solutions, makes u feel happy once again. why? cos most people are epic fail at such things.
could not sleep for a very long time yday night and had horrible nightmares during the one hour that I slept. #fail
fail
it is amazing to know what extent people can go to, in trying to defend their ridiculous behavior.
power cut. lol.
looking into part of speech tagging now. strongly feel that this is the most important part of my project.
In the middle of the 7th hour of a 9 hour power cut now. Did I mention that it is 40&#176;C over here?
Honeycomb was an aberration. Android tablets never deserved it. ICS is so beautiful on my tablet! Its just perfect on screens of this size.
i do agree that oracle is being a patent troll. but what google did was plain foolish mismanagement.
don't u think that google is at fault? they took something that is free for personal use but used it for commercial purposes.
conclusion: i can't make a nandroid backup on my tab until i free up a lot of space.hmmm.
my reason why i am not buying a ticket to google i/o: second week of office at microsoft &amp;gt; google i/o
even though i qualified, i am not going to buy a ticket nor do i want to go to google I/O this time. http://t.co/tQ8SQCkw
very bad day for my project, so far.
not forgetting that argument and holding on to that memory is even worse.
my view on michael clarke changed immediately after the first wi vs aus test match. that guy is one awesome captain!
and the first one on that list would be aokp, of course.
tempted to begin trying out custom ROMs on my galaxy tab 10.1 as well.
damn. almost forgot that i have a few deadlines to meet, today.
oh well. i wouldn't be spending 900$ (plus more for travel and acco) to visit google i/o anyway.
i hate these power cuts. :(
lol at the mail discussion among iit-m profs.
wow. i thought my college admin is bad. iit madras admin seems to be worse.
the problem with my studying style is that i tend to start all over from the first, every time i sit down to study.
mokka authors. talking about black holes enveloping the earth and destroying all the data in a text book.
i hope there isn't a power cut at 9.15.
3 types of storage - volatile storage, nonvolatile storage and stable storage. #adbms
adbms
i think i will study for my exam tomorrow before working on my project again.
i have ended up writing a bit of ruby code and getting to know that i might have to learn a bit of perl and snowball as well!
this is going crazy. i thought i could do my project in java, python, c++ or some other language that i already knew.
you awake? one doubt in rts portions.
How much has wb actually improved under the new cm?
Of course, I was not referring to any elder sister of mine in the previous tweet.
Bratty, immature and just plain intolerant. #didi
didi
bored of reading already. guess i'll work on my project for a while now.
reading the output returned from a twitter api call now. so much data! makes me feel wow!
the twitter api kinda returns a comedy xml though. wonder why hastags have an extra &amp;lt;text&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/text&amp;gt; tags around them. hmmm...
random powercut. :(
can retrieve 3200 tweets using my ruby code now! #relieved
relieved
tc
i thought that at least round 1c would be easier. :( this is insanely hard!
exhausted! :( but i knew that this would happen.
thanks! :)
codeacademy is easily the best place to learn coding for beginners.
very important day tomorrow. google code jam and topcoder open round 1c.
your thoughts on the newly created Microsoft Open Technologies?
Sweet in mess today for Tamil new year http://t.co/JqE1L5rV
when will my wp7 ever come? :(
always felt that people who can paint are v interesting people. good job google. more of them will be known to the world now. #artproject
artproject
wondering what this google art project is.
ok.
even feels that my room feels stuffy and hot.
I woke up now and felt just the same. http://t.co/seseHn7S #feelingthesameasameme
feelingthesameasameme
Challenge accepted.
Trying out bubbly. This is kinda cool. Listen at: http://t.co/JRxpywSC
Wow! These prickly heat powders really do work! #summerheat
summerheat
Can tweeting about studies actually help in studying? #importantkoshchin
importantkoshchin
announced where? anyone from our wing?
Lol. Coin attracted to a magnetized tester spinning crazily in front of a table fan. http://t.co/UcJaB2Pn
i am going to change.
this is crazy. power is back. what is going on?
power cut again.
so, google+ has something that looks a timeline too.
the google+ plane never took off and it has burst into flames already.
lol. what happened to the interface at google+??
muhahaha. power back.
no water in cooler. dying of thirst and dehydration!
what the hell! power cut again! i dont want to live in this stupid place!
I just love the keys on my l lappy http://t.co/OTI28Ke5
Dear fan. Y U NOOO SPIN?  http://t.co/evQJ5aOH
outrageously funny!! http://t.co/8gYmVpWG
realized that some users do not want to believe that every piece of software runs on code.
Extremely dehydrated. :(
Friends doing what they usually do http://t.co/VCarFYWf
laptop low battery. i think i'll study something from my tab now.
LOL!
using my table fan again. yay!
successful project review. :) our hard work paid off. yay!
time is 10:07 am #uselesstweet
uselesstweet
i'm impressed with the content-price ratio though. #funbook
funbook
lol. this funbook pic shows IE as an app. but the fact is, there is no IE on android! http://t.co/9gDHYEpX
realized that it is always best to be neutral towards companies, platforms and all kinds of software. #onemightneverknowhowtheychange
onemightneverknowhowtheychange
after all, project is for 6 credits (=2 subjects) and each review is like a CT. better to focus on it now.
i think i will concentrate on my project for the next 2 hours and shut down my laptop before the power cut begins.
was looking into codeplex now. i think i'll rather wait for it to gather some momentum before hopping on to it.
now that i have decided to become google-neutral, i am now moving my codes from http://t.co/VxKtMI8w to github.
ok ok. :D
summa da. Leela, ht, ssk, msb and a few other profs had a meeting. That's all.
couldn't resist taking a pic of this conversation :D http://t.co/jFtLPfne
:D
My precious http://t.co/r0FgTbGl
Random window http://t.co/xqGFj8I8
wattabottle http://t.co/dlwljqZl
'Maad'ern college http://t.co/0Pre27NO
looking into powertop now.
having green font on a black background does not make one a 'hacker'.
some secret meeting of the 'rebel' profs going on. plz note.
damn. the ideapad yoga is priced at 1900$!! that is way too costly. :(
and that of course means that i can be on twitter as well. :P
trying to download ieee papers related to sentiment analysis from college lab wifi now.
Last 1.30 class ever!
fb should have produced an instagram rival last year itself. approx 30$ per user on instagram to buy it out.
That was a great session with my project team mates! Feeling confident about my project now. :)
u submitted?
when submission? Tuesday only, right?
yes da. :(
omg!!! completely forgot!! have a huge assignment to finish!!
kalaai max! :D http://t.co/hZiwvG91
waiting for lumia 900 to start trending on twitter.
all of us suppli then. :P
there. perfectly caps a horrible day. didn't get my windows phone today. missed most of csk match. couldn't study properly. flopped tc now.
solved the 250 extremely slowly! worst performance ever. no time to finish 500. #tc
tc
sadly, i slept off and missed round 1a.
topcoder open round 1b starting in a minute.
monday morning.
oh. ok ok. thanks da. what else news? when is project review? this thursday, friday?
ok. thanks. how were the ct questions?
what to study in rts and adbms? the portions discussed on the fb group?
need help about what to study and how to study.
machi. need help about ct da.
no idea da. came back yday night.
Cleant it in spite of my mom's protests. Works without a noise now. :) yay!
For so many months, my home pc used to whine and groan so loudly! Opened it, found that there was dust accumulated on the fan.
Dad singing http://t.co/yOrcVHOS
do blog abt it da. Want to do the same.
Chuck this stupid adv dbms subject. Going to switch to rts now.
If there was something that motivated me to study, it was the fact that my friends were studying too. Now that is also gone.
When everyone else was studying, i was enjoying. Now i have to study, when everyone else enjoys.
idlis are best eaten with the help of yoursporks. i just did. :)
Ranganathan http://t.co/uci2ExoY
i frankly don't see the point in dancing. i came here for food. please stop dancing people, so that they van serve us food.
they can force me to the dance floor but they can't make me dance.
can feel the whole place resonate due to this extremely loud music!!! mavane! i am going deaf!
won a Microsoft bottle. yay!
with the new t shirt that i received http://t.co/OioOzmQI
Just posted a photo http://t.co/x9aKO6vK
at Hyderabad. for Microsoft new hires day.
Hotel Tara http://t.co/vA5n1Js7
Just posted a photo http://t.co/gShkjTtP
Just posted a photo http://t.co/NO5KTYQ2
Just posted a photo http://t.co/iHmqVbEj
First http://t.co/kz1FfgzF
instagram for android!
Hyderabad airport is beautiful!
hmmm. i might be working on visual studio. i might even get what i want, too. get to work on windows phone, perhaps?
in airport waiting for ranga.
Ct 2 over!! :D for me, at least. ;)
thanks da.
need notes for central bank da. can u take photo and upload?
Google's Apr1 pranks sound so mokkai.
why?
my class rep is an idiot.
galaxy ace.
damn! forgot about today's topcoder match and slept off in the evening! remembered only now!
apps related to carnatic music. nothing much actually.
damn. i sat down to read about text mining and ended up making a rage comic!
great that the guys at http://t.co/xp3gl9J4 replied. their reference links would be useful for my project. :)
hmmm. what do i do now?
Back to omega. But its v3 now. Blazing speed... :)
Every single fourth year boy must have come to the mess for evening snacks today!! What is happening??
Raining suddenly like a big storm here!!
Missing my phone camera. Moving to omegav3 from cm9.
totally love this!
this was just waiting to happen. regionalism on twitter.
it doesn't?? :D
got my flight tickets to attend new hires day. :) #microsoft
microsoft
and i think the best reflection of that transformation is metro.
microsoft is surely transforming.
i hope that i get a lumia 900 when i join office! :D
hmmm.
rapidminer is awesome!
not bad. i am working on my project without getting distraced by twi... OOPS!
was so happy that i was working on my project properly from today. saw that my prof had already mailed me yday asking abt my progress!
not yet. will be receiving a htc surround very shortly. most probably would be getting one when i join office too.
Nice! Windows Phone was not supposed to get LTE support  till Apollo. http://t.co/ERwI0c76
ah ha! look at this. http://t.co/FerRJQNL
this is strange. i didn't unfollow anyone recently but when i go visit a few people's profile, it says that i don't follow them anymore.
i used to loathe power cuts when i was a kid. i don't even know what term to use to describe my feelings for them now.
cyan!
Lumia 900!!
6 signs Microsoft has got its mojo&#160;back http://t.co/l7zhhKrq
reading a paper titled as &quot;Towards Linux as a Real Time Hypervisor&quot;. interesting.
Temple run is finally here on android!
or even view it on your pillow cover! :)
realized the same thing last week.
of course, i'd be getting it for free from microsoft india as part of that &quot;i unlock joy campaign&quot; for developing 4 windows phone apps.
it might not be the latest wp but am still eagerly waiting for my htc surround as it would be my first #windowsphone experience!
windowsphone
dunno da.
dunno what will be done.
ind eco only. he seems to be as lazy as me. :D
ranga. :P
at least i don't look sincere. :P
just realized that some people are not as sincere as they seem to be. #assignmentteammate
assignmentteammate
ah. the moment i close twitter, the attachment starts getting uploaded properly.
hotmail doesn't seem to be very good in handling attachments. this is so frustrating!
wow. http://t.co/Cb7U5SA1 has improved its website a little. looks more pleasant now.
Adithya from comp sci. was known as &quot;Mess&quot;.
doubtful. am a final year at NIT-T right now. got the news from my bro who was 3 years senior to me here at NITT. disturbing news.
u from NIT-T?
running ICS on my phone! can't believe it!!
finally!!
hmmm. seem to be stuck on the start screen.
wow! the starting animation rocks!!
whew. installed successfully.
60% over. system being installed right now.
flashing cm9 beta5 on my galaxy ace now. hopefully everything should go fine.
the team behind interviewstreet seems to be  doing a wonderful job! can feel interviewstreet's presence almost everywhere now!
and the best part? my rating was as low as 625 at one point of time! :D feels good now.
yay! my rating crossed 1000 in #topcoder at last!
topcoder
166th in div2. hmmm. i should have still solved that 300 pt problem correctly. not good. scope for a lot of improvement. #topcoder
topcoder
Am finally able to retrieve tweets using twitter4j. More hopeful about my project now.
true that.
damn. cant even update my twitter app settings at http://t.co/vzLIMiUm. keeps saying that Twitter is over capacity.
trying out clementine now.
hilarious! Gizmodo: &quot;we gave people an ipad 2, told them it was the new ipad and they loved it&quot; http://t.co/MPD9xhMd
http://t.co/JxN4K4pE posting your question here might help.
Intel is going to insane levels to popularize its ultrabooks! Aweome video! Social experiment, it seems. http://t.co/nVX2V0uE
both. :)
i wasn't surprised by the climax but what happens in the middle of the book.
the secret of the nagas is a good book. of course, not good as a stand-alone book but along with the immortals of meluha.
missed today's topcoder srm because the rooms were full before i could register.
Power cut in hostels. Bed bugs even in AC bus, on the way home. Rotten life.
quality of cricinfo has just plummeted.
&quot;it was destined that SRT wud get his 100th century against &amp;amp; in the country where he had equalled Gavaskar's then-record 34 Test centuries&quot;
Cheap cricinfo. I bet hey would have written &quot;it was destiny&quot; if Sachin had hit the 100th at any time in any place.
@unreachableHost
why would people unfollow anyway?
omg! I think I clicked unfollow by accident! I would never unfollow u on purpose da. sorry buddy.
hosted at http://t.co/cDSeMaLy
source code?
please don't retweet this.
trying to use twitter4j now.
lol. those guys have used the same BGM in their promo trailer as my coll guys did, for pragyan. #copy
copy
kuruksastra?? seriously, what kind of a name is that?
sure! :)
back to reading about my project.
omg. i totally forgot to let twitterverse know about my new android app. here it is. Bunk Score. https://t.co/AmqBZ5S3..
Things seem to be changing at Google. http://t.co/Z1Aw9Ey1
there. topped up using freecharge.
not from this semester.
feeling very sleepy.
lol.
its 4.30! yay! running off to mess. #thathungry
thathungry
naanga nambuvom. avanga nambuvaangalaa? :P
lol.
as a student developer, i honestly think that developing for windows phone is much easier than developing for android.
will give myself an hour to finish this app.
hmmm.
hungry. :-/
dunno. not very clear about what the msg exactly means.
dunno. not very clear about the msg exactly means.
my previous tweet is the msg i got from airtel. shortened to fit within 140 chars, of course.
Ur Twitter on USSD wil b renewed in nxt 3 days n u'll be charged Rs5 for 5 days from ur airtel mobile account. To unsubscribe, dial *515*22#
wth! has airtel decided to charge users for using twitter through sms?? 5 Rs for 5 days??
i wonder where i misplaced my data cable for my phone.
first, got to finish that bunk score app.
:)
i found most ebooks too difficult to start with. i started with those tutorials at http://t.co/LBq5LZyW.
that beard gave him that thalaivar status. #baasha
baasha
it is time i admit on twitter that i have watched #baasha only once ever in my life. thalaivare, please forgive me.
baasha
no. :(
twitter, Y U NO showing #basha as a trending tag??
basha
programming isn't just a skill. its a way of thinking.
nope. not at all.
don't worry. use the right earphones. *trollface* :D
#CLT Sitapathe by Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer
CLT
one simply doesn't wish chuck norris belated birthday wishes.
72 years ago, Chuck Norris decided to let humanity know his presence.
true.
:P
been using that list for almost a year now. :)
i don't even know why i typed the above tweet. am very jobless, i guess.
cow and dog fighting near the dustbin near the mess. visible from room.
maate maladwaja in khamas ranks as one of my favorite songs of all time.
so what shall we do about the tweetup? what shall we discuss about?
check this out. https://t.co/JF5UZBLj
will let those guys know. :P
why so? why not a different model?
hmmm. looking into twitter4j now.
i hate it when klout makes me tweet stupid things to enable me to complete quests.
According to @klout, my Klout score is 51. How influential are you? http://t.co/ZETS90eO
first step. data retrieval. get me those tweets, i say.
will get started on my project now.
still waiting for my new windows phone 7 device. hope i get it at least by the end of this month.
running ubuntu, win 7 and win 8 consumer preview successfully on my laptop now. #tripleboot
tripleboot
this Boot-Repair script suggested in the Ubuntu FAQ is amazing! recovering my ubuntu grub became a breeze after installing it.
This is new to me. Never knew that power goes at 4.30 am as well. #sleeplessnight
sleeplessnight
900 kbps. good.
so what's the plan?
great! my blog http://t.co/45cyhq7N reached 15,000 views! :)
&quot;So dude, what's the new iPad called?&quot; &quot;...&quot;
Lol. I bet no blogger or tech mag guessed this name. The new iPad, it is.
The fact that there is a bias against giving respect to female people in the Hindi language speaks volumes about the people who created it.
many bugs fixed. new features added. i heard that something like more than 100,000 changes were brought about in the code.
honest suggestion. don't join my college. we are having &amp;gt;10 hours of powercut daily from this semester.
AIR 1100. Tamilnadu state 28.
NIT Trichy.
nice. :)
21. you?
i wanted to upgrade that windows 8 developer preview in my third partition to consumer preview. forgot. will do it tomo.
@Aarthi_2410, your Klout Score is decent (I'm a 51). Check out your profile today! http://t.co/DP3WPElP
I just completed the Connect all networks quest on Join me:  http://t.co/LjHpRIDg
would've retweeted that if not for the expletive. relatives following on twitter. :D
apple innovates. samsung copies. developers make it better. consumers benefit.
in brand power? surely! :)
if people researched, they would go for the one with the better config. but they don't research.
all those depend on the trust of people on apple. they dont research about products much.
i strongly feel that companies keep releasing products. so the &quot;Best Product&quot; title shifts back n forth. natural. :)
the original tab is nothing short of disgusting. the 10.1 is really good. maybe the ipad HD will trump galaxy tab 2 10.1.
exactly my point. love for steve jobs, worshippers and fanboys of apple. remove them n its a good product. not the best.
my grandpa owns an ipad2 &amp; my cousin owns an ipad.i like android as an OS. but the lack of updates from samsung? i hate.
product brand, advertising and fan following contribute to sales. if u compare them feature by feature, d 10.1 is better.
as long as there are communities away from the control of manufacturers and google, i am happy with android. :)
i don't particularly hate apple. just that my wants aren't exactly oriented with the devices that they make. :)
one need not even root an android phone to customize the looks of the OS.
i know about jailbreaking but android, by default provides thousands of launchers and apps to substitute system apps.
i chucked that slow, laggy ROM on my android device and installed a custom ROM. better speed, battery life, etc.
it is very smooth. trust me. i love apple for its innovation. but i feel other platforms provide more control for the user.
i feel customization trumps everything else. android allows a lot of customization. iOS doesn't.
i have loved the look n feel of mac os x. but i could make my ubuntu completely look like that. #customization
customization
s2 is light in weight. some ppl like the plastic feel n some dont. the bigger screen is awesome too!
Galaxy Tab 10.1 vs ipad 2. i have used both n felt the tab 10.1 was better. it has better camera too.
brand building? Yes. But best product? no. Samsung beats apple there.
Samsung is crazy. Launching so many Android phones. No brand building at all.
Google doesn't care about users with slow internet connection. Market/Play n Google+ are perfect examples.
WHY THE HELL IS THE MOBILE VERSION OF THE HINDU WEBSITE DISPLAYING FULL PAGE POP UP ADS???
Although i don't like siegler, this article is good. RT @TechCrunch: The iPad HD Sucks* http://t.co/ZDM8wyUl by @parislemon
Wow! RT @engadget: Nokia Lumia 800 update reportedly triples battery life http://t.co/h2KrVle4
If only students spent half their time of watching movies and taking photos of themselves, in writing programs...
Realized that I tweet more during class hours than my free hours.
Google play??
remember discussing this? someone already has done this. http://t.co/Ad4E45UH
Good to hear that Congress is performing poorly everywhere. :)
and with that adapter, i am able to connect my USB keyboard to my tab and tweet, just like the last tweet and this one too! :)
how could i be so careless? found an USB adapter for my galaxy tab 750 in the box that it came with, while searching for something else now!
key lime pie sounds worse than precise pangolin! what's with the ridiculous version names everywhere??
u should see their fb profile pics. @unreachableHost
we should. but i think we dunno how to get it. just feel that some1 should point out how we go abt doing it.
whom r we against? it's not that some1 is holding on to our power n not giving it to us.
i didnt buy it. The wifi-only model was released in india today.
Slept almost the whole day n feeling very groggy now.
it's just a wifi model. yeah. sad at that price.
the asus transformer prime android tablet.
Wait. So the transformer prime in India doesn't have 3g support? That's epic fail at that price!
I think I'll sleep again. Too tired to go have lunch.
Luckily, I didn't wait for it and got a Galaxy Tab 750.
Omg! Just woke up to the news that the transformer prime is coming to India for a ridiculous price of 50k! Who will even buy that??
hey, can i join u for ind eco assignment?
So hot here in college!
No balance, no signal for internet connection, no electricity, extremely hot weather! This is horrible!
Love the ASUS padfone video. Great to see how the industry is moving.
Hindi classes at last.
When will I get to drive???
Omg! In the middle of a hilarious adventure right now!
:P RT @localteaparty: Match interestingly poised
Driving test gonna start.
thank you! :)
The day has finally come. Driving test day. :)
Yay. Am a full-fledged XDA member now. Reached 10 posts. :)
Yay. Won a TopCoder T-shirt. :)
khamas is one raagam which i'll never stop loving. reminds me of my childhood, learning music from my mother and grandmother.
power back.
LOL! @localteaparty
What a Year&#8211;XDA Portal Turns Two! http://t.co/31HYz3dE via @xdadevelopers
read your mail now. shocked to know! some of us were not organizing this year. I hope the organizers respond properly.
thought so! :D what about YOU? ;)
it is 'laugh' in tamil. :D
even the blank slides? :P
Omg. Even after being told that Gayle's slides are available online, my friend was able to point out a girl who was taking notes down!
This is unexpected. Gayle Laakman's lecture is boring.
Everyone here at #pragyan enjoying Mike Brown's video conference. @plutokiller
pragyan
Mike Brown has a fitting twitter id. @plutokiller
Wow! Narendra Nayak is ripping into Sai Baba, Amrita lady, Sri Sri Ravishankar and Baba Ramdev in #pragyan!
pragyan
all of us here in Pragyan are enjoying hearing u talk. :)
Getting to know more about the favorite person I eagerly watch on TV! @xercyn
Having a wonderful video conference with (Jeff Lieberman) at #pragyan!
pragyan
Awesome time lapse videos being shown in Pragyan!
Tweetcaster for android tablets is super-awesome!
Stupid team at info desk. Announcing wrong timings for events. #pragyan
pragyan
tweetcaster pro is my favorite!
geeklist is really awesome. must start using it properly from now on.
the way my distractions have moved. reddit-&amp;gt;twitter-&amp;gt;xda-developers.
:D
I got placed before I applied to start a GTUG. :P simply involving myself in tech stuff as much as I can. :-)
yes. in last July. thanks! :-)
finally! after nearly 7 months of waiting for that mail from Microsoft, got it today, at last! :D
heard that cm7 doesnt support ace properly.
awesome speed da.
running a custom ROM on my phone for the first time! and its the super-fast OmegaRomv2 for the Galaxy ACE! thank you @CooperROMs!
Sweet, and are giving away 4 Galaxy Nexuses and 4 Transformer Primes. Wish me luck! http://t.co/jH848zeM
the extent to which people would go to promote their college fests!! some guys are adding their fest's name to their facebook name!
wanted to ask you this for a long time. was the pragyan promo trailer your effort? brilliant da!
to think that i might be able to be calm and enjoy life after my cycle tests. this is much more hectic than i thought!
hectic day! no sleep at all. :(
i hope this doesn't turn out to be a 'taking the horse to the water' story. must wait and watch.
some random hindi actor/director who makes a fool of him on twitter. @unreachableHost
lol! :D
was planning to do it yday night in the bus, but i was so tired preparing for the cycle tests that i dozed off.
finished updating necessary stuff right now for the android dev camp of NITT GTUG chapter.
good morning tweeps! hectic day ahead!
Galaxy Tab 10.1!!
I just unlocked the &quot;Bender&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/pHiftufC
I just unlocked the &quot;Campus Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/lgaxkLkR
I just became the mayor of Mechanical department on @foursquare! http://t.co/yoXHgeAo
I just unlocked the &quot;Crunked&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/FpA0NN4Q
I just unlocked the &quot;Overshare&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/0Xnkbxdl
Trying Vlingo for twitter.
I am a noob when it comes to custom ROMs. What does the latest blogpost on cm9 actually mean? How do I compile cm9 for my galaxy tab 10.1?
I just unlocked the &quot;Super User&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/a0GV72Nh
I just became the mayor of Pearl hostel on @foursquare! http://t.co/YTRJXqLG
I just unlocked the &quot;Local&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/nV1ruwBE
I just unlocked the &quot;School Night&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/D0p4azov
Omg! What an unexpected adventure! Back home at last.
Back home. That was one of the most decent journeys I had, in a long time. #nobedbugs
nobedbugs
And the protagonist of the series surely resembles my uncle.
My favorite character from the series? The janitor!
And this scrubs series gave me a great insight into their lives! Loved it.
I wonder how medicos become who they are. They are awesome!
ac bus.
I just hope I don't get a fever.
There is only one person in this whole wide world who will never hurt u. And that's yourself.
Yay! Jadeja namakke!
This is so comfortable! Studying in college library with my tablet connected to the internet using college wifi.
I just unlocked the &quot;Bookworm&quot; badge on @foursquare! Long live print! http://t.co/H56nJVp0
I just unlocked the &quot;Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! http://t.co/X5lkXFJa
I'm at Mega Mess 2 w/ http://t.co/rmZl1JNR
how?
No power. No water. Waiting to get away from this place.
dei. Its not an elective for us da.
http://t.co/6LtUzhwM throwing Missing X-TransactionID header error.
Why should a comp sci engineer know about all this industrial economics nonsense??
Dear prof, is it ok if I stop writing notes n start tweeting about it instead?
Bunked the first class today to spend time writing code. :-P
And the best part was when one random student came up n told that I drove nicely.
Yay! Done. Drove from BHEL to mech dept in coll. :-)
lol. Within the college campus. Talking about these mad trichy roads now.
Should hopefully get a chance to drive on the road today. :-)
That's it. Enough working on that app for today.
My previous tweet shows how headlines can be so misleading.
Meet Bill Gates, the Man Who Changed Open Source Software | Wired Enterprise | http://t.co/9yM9sACl http://t.co/a9bUjsnA
what exactly goes in those chinese facilities: http://t.co/vPVY7ePw
apple is so disgustingly evil that they don't mind inhuman conditions of workers in china assembling apple products.
oh my god! #3wordstories
3wordstories
take care da. btw, i personally use those himalaya's septillin in case of throat infection. v effective for me.
what happened da?
from now on, i promise to make a conscious effort to not loathe anyone, fight with anyone or hold grudges against anyone.
Got a new watch n flute! Yay!
that's it. i have decided to concentrate more on my project from now on.
Indha pic badgeukku onnum korachal illai.
i wish ravi shankar sir was here on twitter.
Lol. Comedy pasanga. Spelling mistakes on such a poster.
damn. this means that i can't write android apps until i get back to college. #everythingbroken #needtoupdateeclipse
everythingbroken
needtoupdateeclipse
fletcher must go.
oh. ok ok. thanks. :)
done. :) thanks.
doubt. what is #CLT?
CLT
Back home safely, at last.
Omg! They are finally here!.bedbugs!
Phew! Got out of the traffic jam after nearly an hour!
So much traffic near the toll gate that they are sending off all vehicles w/o collecting any toll, to clear the traffic quickly!
read toi.
That news about the mad bus driver? It will henceforth be referred to as Swargate-gate.
Oooh. RT @TimMoore: Larry Page To Googlers: If You Don't Like 'Search Plus Your World,' Hit The Road (GOOG) http://t.co/Ya0dPzjH
still in the bus. :D
Changed my place once again.
doesn't seemto be.
Omg. He is sitting next to me again and is trying to start a conversation with me now!
Can't switch on gprs to risk draining out my battery completely. Only twitter SMS can keep me awake now.
One thing is sure. I won't be able to sleep with this suspicious character around.
I changed my seat back to the front. Let's see what happens now.
After a while,this guy comes n sits in a diagonally front seat. N starts glancing behind to see what I am upto.
After a while, I said that i am going back n went n sat at the back.
He came and sat down next to me when the almost all rows behind us were empty.
He took some ticket for 120 only which means he'll get down somewhere on the way to Chennai.
Fishy looking character in the bus.
As usual, my phone's battery drains at the start of my journey.
Off to Chennai. Hope to have a safe journey.
These power cuts should be banned.
Tweaking my galaxy ace to look more n more like a wp7 phone. Love it!
This industrial economics class is a waste of our time.
Glad that my teammates accepted my project idea. Hopefully everything should go on smoothly.
Glad that I rooted my phone. Removed some useless apps today.
Awesome lady's fingers in mess today!
Hmmm. I thought I'd want to take a break today. But no. I think I'll go n code now.
need something to drink. parched!
successfully submitted my 3rd and 4th wp7 app today. should wait and see whether they are certified or not.
could not upload as much details as i wanted. shortened it and submitted. too exhausted to complete it fully now.
4 over so far, 150 remaining. Need to speed up.
Here goes, the countdown begins from 154 now.
So, that's decided then. Retiring from college gully cricket as well. No proper ball, no proper rules. Too random for my liking.
After what seems like an eternity, finally got the app ready. Submitted now. Hopefully should get successfully certified.
6 left.
Should ensure I go to sleep properly in the night n not doze off abruptly, like yday.
Hmmm. &quot;Google's earnings disappoint&quot; while &quot;Microsoft's quarterly profits exceeds expectations&quot;? Sign of changing times?
More importantly, I need breakfast.
9 left. I need a break.
7 out of 18.
6 out of 18 done.
Omg! This coffee tastes terrible!! Feel like puking!
Freezing cold outside! According to trichy standards, of course.
Sigh. Finished only 5 out of 18, so far.
Off to driving class now. First day. :-)
Whew. Procedures over. Off to college now.
Waiting in rto office now. Gotta wait till 12 for power to come back, it seems.
at NIT Trichy, my college. Has never been so cold here, before.
Damn. Both, gprs balance n talktime balance out. Must top up today.
hmmm. need more ideas...
should start work on my final sem project soon.
Damn. Tubelight gone in my room.
Can't believe that its so cold here in the campus!
this just took less that &amp;lt;60 seconds. #rootinggalaxyace
rootinggalaxyace
damn! am on a 7 match losing streak. life sucks! #chess
chess
At 35th Chennai book fair now. Wondering how my mom convinced me to come here.
true. but depends on whom u watch along with.
feel like punching myself in the face!
liked ur article in Business Insider on why windows phone will be a success.
a close family friend died in a road accident. he must be only 29-30 years old. got a wife and a daughter.
a few things. voter id card, college id card, atm card and some cash.
i thought yday was terrible. today seems worse.
new day, new beginning.
One hell of a night. Tortured by bedbugs for the past few hours.
yeah. :-(
Disastrous ending to a lousy day. Got pickpocketed in local bus!!
And here it is. Carnatic Quiz app for Windows phone users. http://t.co/Cy6sv0XC
opera seems to be crashing frequently for me. need some other browser that can support slow net connections properly.
that carnatic quiz app has been successfully certified. waiting for it to become active in the windows phone marketplace.
hello twitter. am back.
Library is v nice. Best way to spend an afternoon.
brought my spectacle case to coll only to find that my spectacles aren't inside. left it at home. :(
my fate is sealed. going for two tech electives.
Damn. All the good electives are getting canceled. None of my friend seem to be taking the same choice of electives as myself, too.
ok. :)
sure. do I ask them to contact through twitter?
this summer. am placed in microsoft on-campus, actually. would be interested in an internship.
sorry. saw ur tweet only now. college re-opening tomorrow. so, leaving tonight. can i know more?
most importantly, i want to become more consistent in coding.
enough resolutions about my food intake and health. have taken a few about coding now as well.
some ppl don't deserve even a little help. because they'll stab u in the back, anyway.
Expected. Got terribly low grades in the two most randomly corrected subjects. Stupid correction.
irritated.
i don't understand. shouldn't a company that helps other companies in their hiring process follow the same hiring process??
v nice dp da! :)
too many tutorials available for developing windows phone 7 apps. finding it difficult to choose the best among them.
kutcheri buzz published a small text on my Android app in yday's issue! http://t.co/uVTqrgTo  via http://t.co/DE4Akmwl
today WILL be an eventful day for me. so, i don't think its a new year yet. i want to enjoy this day too.
i dont understand. many ppl dont seem to think that december has 31 days. #newyearwishes
newyearwishes
good morning tweeps.
not yet da. waiting for gokul.
why isn't any1 posting the actual results on facebook??
frustrating! more than 8 hours spent on this stupid thing! i give up!
something similar da. but its pretty stupid.
wth! downloaded 78.6 MB out of 100 odd and it just froze!! next download available only after half an hour.
sometimes ur best intentions are misunderstood.
damn it. cook didn't turn up today. no proper tiffin. can't go out and buy too, due to this hell of a downpour!
stupid windows! doesn't even allow me to change file permissions properly.
sutham. rooting is going to take at least 3 days with this net speed.
i think tonight will be the night when i root my phone. i think it'll take more than tonight to download the necessary files though.
+8. was worth the wait after all. :P
that means my rank is somewhere around 380. oh well.
damn! it seems i flopped my 500pt solution!
that just means i would have to stay awake for a longer time now.
&quot;System test results will be delayed. We'll try to announce them as soon as possible. We apologize for technical problems.&quot; #topcoder
topcoder
lol. this &quot;Value Pack&quot; for Gal S and Tab, 'sounds' silly, although it might be really good.
one thing is for sure. if my rating goes above 1000 today, i'll do a night out. :D
hmmm. tourist seems to be the #1 today, as of now. of course, could Petr be far behind? he's on #2 now.
will do it TRS style. announce my rank on twitter if it is decent. otherwise go to sleep silently. :P
hope i got those 2 problems right.
time for system tests! bring it on! :P
waiting for the challenge phase to start.
hmmm. just one guy submitted a solution for the 1000pt problem in my room.
8 minutes left. oh well. i give up. will learn from the editorial after the contest.
frustrating...
i can never solve these 1000pt problems until i practise more.
hmmm. the next few months will decide whether i want to keep my fb account or not.
almost forgot. topcoder match at 9.30 tonight.
Tab updated to 3.2. Naice. :-)
50% now.
49% of installation done. :-)
Downloaded 3.2 honeycomb update. Updating device now. :-)
3.2 honeycomb update available for my tab! :)
cool. got a pinterest account now. going to try it now.
Hmmm. Time to sit n learn c#.
oh nice. when is ur date of joining?
same for airtel.
Opened cricinfo, clicked live scorecard, first thing I see is: Tendulkar OUT! Lol.
so, where is ur posting? Chennai? Any extra news? Which team?
cool. connectify works perfectly. @connectifyme
tendulkar &amp; dravid: 49th partnership of 50 or more in Tests.
hussey seems to be troubling the batsmen.
hmmm. no century in this test match so far.
poda hilfenaus. not out.
lol. now i see posts ranting abt the kindle fire. lol again.
the most common reply why ppl don't adapt to a new platform: &quot;others aren't on it&quot;. #linux #g+ #wp7
linux
g
wp7
dropped thrice?
&quot;just because others do it&quot; would be the lamest reason of all time.
no. i never backed up all phone contacts to gmail da.
yeah! still haven't finished deleting contacts starting with 'A'!!
realized that i had synced my google+ contacts along with their profile images to my android phone. that explains y phone memory got full.
yay! shifted old photos from mob to comp and freed 700mb on sd card.
paruppu saadham at pathu mani pm.
dei! its super awesome da!
wow! congrats da!! kalakku!!
damn! sadly yes.
expecting a dravid, sachin and a ponting century. come on!
nice one!
does anyone else think that the galaxy y ad looks stupid? #overacting
overacting
Created my own Android app and launched it on the market. http://t.co/FZQht9QE
true. its too early.
that must be the second time today that ponting lost his balance after playing a shot.
don't u think he is struggling against those balls outside the off-stump? he might edge them any time.
if is awake at odd hours in the morning, go check ur tv. there must be an awesome cricket test series going on!
ponting plays football to keep the ball away from the stumps.
all australian batsmen struggling against bouncers.
umesh strikes again! marsh goes for a duck!
Warner gone!
Yay. Covers are off once again.
I just watched one ball! Damn! Rains.
thanks! :)
for those who missed this tweet earlier: to all carnatic music fans who own an android, i present you this. http://t.co/RaIEv4qq
I still love how dickens portrayed scrooge.
Today is christmas? Bah! Humbug.
about right time too. power cut now.
should keep improvising it.
there it is! finally on the app market. available for download. https://t.co/ldgwSGrQ
typed 100+ questions and answers for the app! fingers paining. must take a break.
i just left my seat once to drink water. must've been 5-6 hours of continuous work from today morning.
it is undeniably a mokka app as of now. but at least, the first version is ready.
have never worked this hard in my life! the first version of my app is ready. learning how to sign and upload in the market.
what a terrible start to the day!
lol. will surely get to know tomorrow then. :) good night.
ok. :) btw, i follow ur tweets regularly but do not know ur real name. can i know now? :D
great! am attending ganesh-kumaresh concert at 5.30 am tomo in panchamuga anjaneyar temple in mylapore. will be in academy at 8. :)
i would like to meet u tweeps interested in carnatic music. am one too. saw ur timeline n realized that there seem to be many of u.
u were there? i thought amrit's lec-dem was good too.
why the hell am i so inconsistent in coding?!!
ganesh-kumaresh concert in that anjaneyar temple tomo morning at 5.30! yay! i remember how wonderful it was last time!
awake at last!
so, here i am, beginning work on my final year project.
as said brilliantly by my friend, when u don't know what to do next, do the job that u will have to do for sure, anyway.
update for my rapidminer tool? u must be kidding! i downloaded it this morning!
Both lec dems were awesome today! Totally worth skipping today's srm.
Never did I know that Umayalpuram Sivaraman could be so witty while speaking!
&quot;Every rhythm has a counter rhythm.&quot; - Trichy shankaran. #ethirnadai
ethirnadai
Not because I follow the thanjavur style of playing, but I personally don't like how the palani style sounds. #mirudangam
mirudangam
had to choose between today's tc match or the lec-dem on &quot;Sri. Harishankar style of khanjira playing&quot; by Sri. Amrit. chose the latter.
i don't like it at all when more than one interesting event happens at the same time.
hmmm. realized that i might not be able to attend today's tc srm. sigh.
good morning tweeps.
del. Google for the apk file. Problem solved. :P
checking out the google currents app now.
first time i see so many of my friends talk abt something related to google+, after the first week. #schemer
schemer
check HK's fb post.
ask da.
woah! when did this release? never knew about this.
my grandma's feedback after listening to kola veri: &quot;dhanush has sung well. he has maintained shruthi properly.&quot;
i wonder why ppl like foursquare. hmmm.
back to using macbuntu.
sigh. still haven't found an driver update that fixes my touchpad on windows. i don't want to resort using a mouse.
Removed my mobile cover n been like that for the past one week. This feels much better.
sony pix must be having some deal with the producers of the Resident Evil series. daily some movie from that series.
but that is more related to ppl involved in a medical profession. i think i'll go ahead with my idea.
a brilliant idea struck me. when i googled abt it, sadly someone had beat me to it. it is this. http://t.co/3w46Sybc
this is the article that i am reading now. really well written! http://t.co/PY8Z44Xj
TIL abt docblocks. nice. :)
going to spend time today on stackoverflow.
Preparing for carnatic music quizzes now. Any suggestions?
omg! never knew that there was a windows phone camp in chennai today. could've learnt something.
RIM stopped innovating over the past few years.
brand value can't stand forever. apple regularly released new innovations over the last decade. RIM didn't.
of course, there is this ubislate thingy but it doesn't even satisfy some basic requirements.
i repeat. kindle fire isn't THE android tablet. its the poor man's tablet.
Playing the khanjira would surely improve my mirudangam playing.
Started playing the khanjira again. So much fun!
Wth! Four 29c passed but not a single 27d!
Second time I'm seeing her!
Jayalalitha in a convoy!
Maayamma ninne now.
As brilliant as ever! Trichur brothers in music academy singing awesomely!
there should be an #IdiotKiranBedi trending tag.
IdiotKiranBedi
whew. xda-developers is back.
Had an awesome day today!
wth airtel! losing money at regular intervals when i am not even using my phone! no call, sms or gprs.
wow! finishing off long pending problems on spoj at a decent rate. happening only after i began to realize that coding is fun.
accepted now. :) potuko!
lol. yeah.
remember that CSTREET problem? there is a price per unit length input parameter called p da. lol.
slept for only 4 hours, walked around for 2 hours n ppl at home are getting angry that i'm not coming along with them to a lec dem now!
Outside kapaleeshwarar temple now. Waiting for our bhajan troupe to start.
+32 :-)
that should have been a flopcoder match as i slept off in the middle of the srm. cant stay awake for even a sec more. good night tweeps.
topcoder first. twitter later.
dad askin for android phone suggestions. does tat mean tat its time to get a new one for myself n hand over the one i have right now,to dad?
bro stopped changing channels n paused on  'oda oda oda thooram puriyala' song. patti asking whether this is the kolaveri song.
lol. every1 in my family getting more and more 'youth' and 'dude-like' these days.
parents and grandparents praising will smith's acting.
omg. almost forgot. topcoder srm tonight.
some ppl are so talented that they are awesome at everything that they play around with. #amazed
amazed
just realized that an android device is more useful for creative people than nerds like me.
nice app discovered by my friend. rangoli kolam on android. https://t.co/Tpb8LTUy..
now is the time i get over my laziness and do something important!
off to music academy canteen with harimanjunathan.
student. or student at nit-t.
one of my classmate's linked-in intro reads - head of some pragyan event. is that how one introduces themselves to others? find it strange.
reminded of the da vinci code where the thatha says that everyone is entitled to hold their secrets.
RMS is the Karl Marx of the software industry.
the free software philosophy would have died if it not were for torvald's outstanding work.
but it should entirely be the choice of the programmer or the organization.
of course, software can continue to be commercially available too.
just as every1 is encouraged to do social service, every programmer must be encouraged to contribute to open source.
reading a biography on stallman. feel that the open source ideology is more like socialism.
Damn! Forgot to update my gprs pack.
Listening to Bombay sisters at music academy main hall now.
Insane crowd for t.n.krishnan's lec-dem at music academy mini hall! No place to even stand!
another useless day.
hmmm. this twitter 'discover' feature is exactly what i had in mind for my project. gotta think of a new one now.
how much ever hard i try, some things can never be done.
invading other countries, SOPA, tasering, pepper spraying. what next america?
at the end of the day, i'd rather live in a stupid country that i know than live in a stupid country that i don't know.
idiot american congressmen. they seem to be worse than our politicians.
i could also stop tweeting and start working.
i could write some wp7 apps. might help understanding a few unknown stuff. #c#
c
i could build write a few android apps. or spend time on improving the wordpress android app too.
i could start my btech final project. got to read more papers abt data mining tweets, as my proj is related to it! ;)
i could start my preparation for code jam. spoj, codechef and topcoder beckon.
now that there is no answer to &quot;what should i do?&quot;, its time to answer &quot;what can i do?&quot;.
i want to attend a few lecture demonstrations in the morning today.
wouldn't mind if BB is replaced by wp in the 3rd spot.
glad that the trip went without any problems. whew!
back home at last! :)
Cool. Update for my galaxy tab 10.1.
full freedom. v encouraging.
wow! my prof is super cool! :)
Stupid powercut. Need to stay in the dark for the next 45 min or leave. I'll stay.
damn. just wait for a few months n u get a smartphone with similar features but for half the price. #galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
Stupid powercut!
At kulithalai station now. Which means trichy junction is next. :-)
Whew! Reached station safely, one hour before my train departs.
Yay! Signal, at last!
signal at least now!
Reached munnar safely.
thanks to twitter, I am able to update my close ones with what I am doing.
hope to have a safe trip.
luckily, abhishek bachchan doesn't see my tweets.
r we going to kochi or directly to munnar? no idea.
the bus starts at last.
typical. arbit stranger sitting next to me in bus.
yeppa, please start our bus. Unbearably hot in here.
That same feeling after I wrote jee n after I got placed. &quot;What do I do from now on?&quot;
and finally, the big day is here. acm icpc amritapuri regionals 2011 contest in a few hours. #amicpc
amicpc
off to the beach, at last, after so much waiting. #amicpc
amicpc
all tweets tagged with #amicpc being displayed here. hmmm.
amicpc
Registering for munnar trip now. #amicpc
amicpc
Practice contest n lunch done. :) #amicpc
amicpc
not with battery life. but with battery sensors, yes.
At kayankulam at last.
nice weather here. :-)
heard that the battery indicator in unrooted android phones doesn't work properly. should root mine soon.
hmmm. all sabarimala devotees getting down here.
at chengannur station now. kayankulam would be next.
yay. able to charge my phone, at last.
dammit. roaming charges for incoming calls. should remember that.
oops. forgot that battery was low. should stop tweeting. good thing that it has survived the night anyway.
nothing scheduled for today. but I think today will still be good. looking forward to an exciting day. :)
hmmm. train delayed by 1.5 hours. should have reached kayankulam by now. now only at kottayam.
Good morning tweeps! :)
no 20 print outs for the contest, this time?
ennadhu? gandhi sethuttaara? :P
opened up cricinfo to find out that jadeja has bowled a maiden now! in this pitch!! #whattaman
whattaman
i know. ubuntu is my primary distro anyway. had built chromium os on my pendrive 11 months ago, just for fun.
i was trying to remove a problem. the problem itself is solved!!
and it reboots chroimium os again! twitter, facebook and g+ were all crashing earlier. n they work fine now! lol!
enna pa comedy ithu! i format the pendrive through windows n reboot my comp.
reason? can't even update the software in it.
correction. &quot;chromium&quot; os.
planning to remove this 'old' chrome OS from my pendrive.
i am missing #in50hrs again, this weekend! sigh. why do big events combine all the time?
in50hrs
yay! solved one silly problem that had been bugging me for so many days. simple DP but i had been thinking that it was much tougher.
i like this. waking up early and compensating for it in the afternoon with a nap. :) feel so fresh now.
wth! i can't even solve a minimizing knapsack problem. getting errors. hmmm.
i swear i wont play this crazily addicting game for the next 1 week! it is beginning to ruin my life.
since i am in a bad mood, i'll play for a while and then sit and study properly.
what do i do now? surrender to my addiction of playing &quot;dungeon defenders: second wave&quot; or sit and code properly?
i will never be able to look at a computer the same way again. coz everything looks so damn fuzzy! #eyepower
eyepower
my previous tweet kinda summarizes how my life is. sigh...
thanks! :)
good morning appa! topcoder match at 7.30 am. that's why. :)
woke up early at home, at last!
my headache might be due to that #IdiotKapilSibal.
IdiotKapilSibal
cooking noodles now. :)
omg!! i have 83 machine learning videos to watch! this is going to take a long long time.
i know some tv serials like dexter are supposed to be good. but no, thanks. i'd rather not waste my time on them.
how much have i lost in life due to my laziness?? more importantly, how much more will i lose? hmmm. need to change. drastically.
omg! i cant even watch a single video attentively for ten minutes! yawning continuously! :P
these videos are split into nice, small segments. just love it! now on to &quot;Cost Function - Intuition 1&quot;.
i wonder how ppl write fast. i need to relearn the act of writing.
hmmm. cost function...
been a really long time since i viewed those stanford machine learning class videos. continuing it now.
worked hard for more than an hour! long time since that happened!
just had an epiphany. what do i really want to do?
wow! where?
all i do is play games or try to write some code. hopefully everything will change in 2 weeks.
i need to learn to interact with people better. so many years of living through my comp has diminished my ppl skills.
i have become a zombie... &quot;BRAINS!! BRAINS!!&quot;
let me get back to work now.
worst part of waking up after a long sleep is feeling sleepy again.
Operation Die Barbosa successfully going on. #antipiracy
antipiracy
yes.
I know its going to be difficult w/o those free pirated songs. But I'll somehow manage.
That's it. I have decided. Not going to support piracy anymore. Going to delete all the songs that I have.
guys check out TouchPal. @kgdinesh
where r those sad songs when u want to listen to them?
the worst thing feeling is when ur life sucks n u get to know that its you, who is responsible for it.
hmmm. these school kids are from SBOA.
dear friends, first stop cheating in exams. u can then complain about corruption in the country. #dirtonyourback
dirtonyourback
nice. a lot of school children on a visit to the library. their teachers accompanying them. :-)
lol at kamal hassan's hypocrisy. :-D
wow! congrats to everyone at ur home! congrats, chithappa! :-)
TIL that AVL in AVL trees stand for Adelson-Velskii and Landis.
Yuvan Shankar Raja brays like a donkey. abaswaram max!
i am qualified to be a Radio Jockey. all i have to do is be my usual self n blabber continuously.
these lights in the library that switch on automatically when someone approaches them are #win.
win
at the same time, there are few ppl who can explain stuff superbly! and is one of them.
he wasnt even bothered to confirm whether I understood that concept or not.
just read up on a topic that one of my nerdy friends had tried explaining earlier. realized how bad he was at explaining.
Nice songs playing in the radio. :-)
awesome! at last, found some really awesome books on algos in this library! yay!
not able to view the comp properly. need to wear my glasses. finding it extremely difficult.
at Anna centenary library with parents, tweeting from my tab. :P
sigh. ended up watching dbz videos on youtube with bro.
will read that pdf on pattern matching using distributed systems. #readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
wth doesn't my twitter follower count ever reach 300? new ppl keep following me, but bots keep dropping out all the time. &amp;gt;290 for a month.
there. have planned whatever i want to do! NOW, HAVE TO EXECUTE MY PLANS!!! AAAAAAAA......... #panicmode
panicmode
got to plan! got to plan! GOT TO PLAN!!!
even during holidays, i panic!
i haven't still understood what to do for this webinar thingy.
spoj servers seem to be responding too slow today.
good morning folks. long time since i woke up this late.
this dungeon defenders second wave game on my android tab has been downloading stuff from the net for nearly a day! before it can start.
most probably going tomorrow with bro da.
never knew this! hover over the audio icon in the gnome taskbar and scroll using ur touchpad. the volume will change accordingly. naaice...
lol. #whattaman jagi.
whattaman
lol. no da. wondering how to solve a particular problem that i am facing. i solved it earlier. don't remember now.
done. http://t.co/bkNMFQJp
hmmm.
off to inox to watch tintin with bro.
rumors r tat they r selling it at a loss. they aim to make profit when ppl buy amazon stuff through it. u didn't knw that?
what no content? lol. what r u saying da?
not exactly. now ppl think amazon is the only contender to apple. samsung and asus beat the shit out of both.
lol. oh yeah. they NEED an iPad. alright.
please call!!
ppl buy an iPad bcoz they don't go to the market searching for a tablet. they want only an iPad n nothing else.
its just $199. why else do u think ppl were buying?
reviews say that there is no obvious difference in the speeds.
because its cheap da. u r talking as if other android tabs don't even have an android market.
dei, those amazon apps are android apps da! amazon didn't create those apps.
dei kindle fire runs on android da.
there is nothing professional about tabs. they are mainly for consuming multimedia. play games, watch movies.
that's exactly my point. u don't suggest ppl go buy something w/o giving an overall comparison. u r misleading them.
no. the reviewers don't give a damn about android tabs. ppl aren't aware of what's better. most sensible ppl go for android
kindle fire is no way a match for ipad2 da. and some android tabs are better than ipad2 too. i don't get u. wt u saying?
and u don't suggest someone to buy something w/o comparing to the rest of the available products.
not exactly. reviews were out long back. this is not the usual this-vs-that comparison. its buy this vs buy that.
irctc - &quot;Service Unavailable&quot;
as usual, irctc throwing up problems.
i think i'll root my phone before these hols end.
most of these blog articles about the ipad2 and kindle fire seem like paid articles to me. and they end up misleading everyone.
comparing the kindle fire with ipad 2 sounds ridiculous to me. maybe not to everyone though. there are better android tabs that beat both!!
good morning everyone! :)
lol. wait da worst fellows. i just love this waiting game! :) super build-up!
what should i do today?
its really dumb that ppl rate ipad 2 &amp;gt; kindle fire &amp;gt;&amp;gt; anything else. and that's what i call stupidity is.
never underestimate the stupidity of people.
Harvinder Singh is actually Ricky Ponting in disguise. push then, slap now.
seriously, ndtv. is a 30rd yr old guy referred to as a youth?
want to badly see a pic in which officer pike and sharad pawar are together. #macecop #pawarslap
macecop
pawarslap
chocobar! :D
time for a little codechef now.
done. replied to the 3rd person too. now to contact one important person.
second person contacted too. now for the third.
done. first person contacted. now for the second.
there. second done too. while i am doing the third, i have 3 ppl to reply to.
there. the first job is over. :) now for the second.
why twitter actually helps me: i imagine tweets to be slots and i manage my work in between them. how's that? #slottedaloha @unreachableHost
slottedaloha
hmmm. i am clocking my all time high in typeracer but the whole thing leaves me v unsatisfied. off to those 3 things now.
hmmm. 3 things to finish in the next half an hour. but before that, typeracer!
realized that twitter actually helps me manage things.
after so many days, nay, months, i have never felt so inspired to get back to coding!
for 7 days out of the past 9 days, I've been waking up at 4. tomo also same. #exhausted
exhausted
its really good da. the tablet experience. i wouldn't be able to compare tablets, but this is realy good!
wow! this tablet experience is outrageously good!!
got into bus at last!
wow! 21g! ...going in the other direction.
waiting for 21g now...
nasty auto driver. kalaaichutarama! po po.
I expected jayalalitha to have replaced these bed bugs in tnstc buses as they were present during the dmk regime too.
&quot;tambaram tambaram!&quot; ok ok mr.conductor, I am awake now. been awake almost the whole night.
I wonder why I should pay so much for a seat when they can't even keep it free of bed bugs.
why is my phone battery draining like crazy???
some things happen. some things don't. life is one strange game.
the bigger ur plans are, the harder they collapse.
those idiots at facebook seem to have deleted my account!
will be off twitter for the next one week. so then. ta ta. bye for now. #exams
exams
Good morning twitter! :)
haven't studied this sincerely in years! feels nostalgic.
will stop studying for the day, spend time on twitter for a while, and then go to sleep.
noooooooooooooooooo!!!
#machanIf there is 'parsi'ng, then why isn't there any hinduing, musliming or christianing? #runsaway
machanIf
runsaway
but with the state of my stomach in recovery mode, i dare not try anything ambitious!
hungry! right time to go munch on something perhaps?
there it is. one of the &quot;jayalalitha extra-special&quot; powercuts to her loyal citizens. :/
how will you verify that it is allowed in the court? don't want you to get into trouble.
love your tweets. please keep us updated.
oooh. its analysis and synthesis phase. and not synthesis and optimization phase as i thought earlier.
and there'll be a powercut in 10 min. darn.
operation: dist-comp. duration: next 2.5 days. resource: brain. target: these ebooks. will i succeed? let's go! BHARATH MATHA KI JAI!
thanks! :)
the best part is, i wouldn't have bought a tab if i knew earlier that i wud get selected. now i'm selected and i have bought the tab too! :D
my belief in God just shot up to a new maximum! :D
woohoo! selected for the next icpc round. :)
it is during powercuts like these that i wish that i had my galaxy tab 750 with me. can study from it anywhere.
cha. i have begun to complain a lot. who's to blame? not me. :P
anirudh24seven
first, flipkart sent me a faulty tab. then icpc amritapuri ppl haven't called r team. &amp; nw i realize that LFY hasn't shipped my t-shirt yet.
receiving poor service from different organizations for no particular reason. :(
three cheers for @flipkart! they delivered the replacement galaxy tab 750 today! but i'd have to wait for 2 weeks to use it though...
although the tab is in good condition, one of the samsung seals were broken again. but the other seal kept the casing closed.
i got news that the replacement Galaxy Tab 750 arrived today and its in good condition. thank you. :)
my tip was published in the Tips and Tricks section last month but I was never contacted for the T-shirt. Can u look into it?
as always, i would suggest vim. but u might have to install a few plugins too, to make it more convenient.
need a break!
wow! twitter introduces something new after a long time. Activity! :)
omg! big news! teams from r coll ranked behind us r getting calls from acm amritapuri ppl. y haven't we got any, yet? wil v even get a call?
there. cleaned my room. washed my face. prayed for a while. lit an agarbathi. gonna start studying now. :)
should stop trying to go to sleep and start studying
wth! i shouldn't feel sleepy now!! what's wrong with me??
twitter and reddit don't prevent me from studying. they prevent me from dozing off.
even though I didn't get my tab, had a jolly, happy weekend at home. :) was worth it.
are funny tweets on juniors allowed? :D :P ;)
how have u prepared for compiler lab exam da?
i faced the same problem too. but strangely, when u go to d market and lookup google+, it shows an update option. updating nw.
damn. everything going totally the wrong way.
which also means that i've nothing else to do but just shut up and study
so, although they were v nice and immediately ordered a replacement, it still means that my plan to get it by this weekend failed.
just went and saw in my flipkart account that they had placed an order for the replacement. dunno when i'll get it though. mostly tue/wed.
had a perfectly bad day.
1 of ur executives said tat a replacement would be shipped tonight &amp; i'll get a mail regarding it. haven't got it yet. status plz?
they understood that i had a genuine problem and agreed to ship it by tonight itself, even though it is a difficult procedure! wow!
omg! service is truly awesome! they have agreed to ship it by tonight itself! brilliant!!
i can take pics of the screen of the tab that i received and send it across if you want. if that will help in any way...
why? why does this happen to me???
next 2 days hols as well. so, i surely can't get my tab before leaving home. and i'll be back only on the 23rd. which is upsetting... :(
kinda heartening to realize that their customer service is good. but some mistake somewhere and i'm the one affected by it. :(
they were kinda surprised that the seal within the flipkart packaging was broken. i am surprised too! some1 has packaged a bad box.
got another call from flipkart. they have agreed to look into the issue. but not possible to get a replacement by today. :(
i dont wanna take this with me now da. its not a new order. its a replacement na. need to give this back to get a new one.
bad bad day...
that means that i wouldn't be able to use it until my sem exams get over and my hols begin! need not have come back home this weekend. :(
have contacted customer service who duly apologized and agreed to replace it. but wouldn't get a replacement until tuesday. :(
and the tablet's screen has a few marks on it too! never expected such a poor service from @flipkart!
ouch!! after hours of waiting, i get a galaxy tab 750 box with broken seals from @flipkart! shocked!!
not yet. the chennai flipkart facility has received mine a few minutes back, though. courtesy: track ur shipment feature.
32k in flipkart.
i think interviewstreet. @kgdinesh
galaxy tab 750 (10.1)
back home :)
signs of tiredness creeping in
meanwhile, iris is still up n running. :P #siridown
siridown
mokka pasanga. they complain abt the coll n claim that they want to leave it asap n now they talk abt senti feelings! #hypocrites
hypocrites
lol. hearing news that siri is down! :P
hope flipkart doesn't be over sincere n deliver my tab tomo itself. I don't want my bro to open it before I reach home.
ppl dont understand the meaning of a choice. u can choose to stay or leave. just dont stop others from leaving.
i don't understand when ppl complain to me when i criticize some1's views. they can have their views. so will i, about them.
soooo confused now! mind not working...
some indecent ppl opposing the new director's move citing pragyan, nittfest, symposium and senti feelings!!
new director therikka vidaraar! piri man! so many changes coming about in college!!
distributed computing, it is.
wow! a guy from just called me now to confirm my order. nice. :-)
guess, i'll go have my first proper meal of the day now.
ordered a galaxy tab 750 at last, now. :)
sigh...
hope I don't doze off now n miss my exam.
feeling feverish too. kinda scared. this shouldn't be happening.
argh! why doesnt everything happen the way it is supposed to?
didnt have breakfast or lunch today. why then is my stomach paining?
now for the 'creative' part. meh.
google doesn't seem to give a damn for users with slow internet connection.
ordering it on flipkart tomorrow. will most prolly get it by this weekend then.
got that creative writing assignment to complete now.
the first thing i'll do after getting my galaxy tab 750 would be to test the wordpress app n start working on it!
same here
i m writing an assignment with the help of the light from my lappy because of powercut. somebody give me a medal please.
woke up from an extremely long nap. which means that i've got to start on assignments now.
there. much better now after wearing my glasses.
having more problems with eyesight. guess i need to start wearing my specs more regularly now.
seri. washed those clothes now. what do i do next?
am so absent minded. forgot to dry those clothes that i had soaked yesterday morning! they stink now! :(
hope u know about the oil slick problem with so many galaxy tab 10.1 models globally. what abt the ones available at flipkart?
twitter on opera turbo mode keeps getting reloaded again and again, making it nearly unusable! i wonder why.
now that galaxy tab 10.1 is in line for ICS update, i'm surely gonna get one within a week!
hi. wouldn't it be a long time before Asus Transformer 2 (Prime) launches in india? what will the tentative pricing be?
what u doing da? i m v bored.
as rightly said, i feel a myriad of emotions every instant.
it is mildly surprising to note that we came extremely close to solving one more problem in both contests.
no no. just realized that i had stopped coding for myself &amp; was just trying to win contests. gonna change tat attitude. :)
dei dei. i am talking about coding/programming da!
?
lol. that's the source. but that isn't the reason. :)
ah. inner peace at last! :)
the next few hours will determine my actions for the next few months.
sigh...
my spider senior surath (ex-presi) got placed in google today! :)
i didn't miss anything important today, right?
Immortals of Meluha was a worthy read.
got a lot of work to finish by monday. i better start today.
the nitt gtug website is up! http://t.co/ZSHtIRKA
yes da. am coming only tomorrow.
argh! just found out the mistake made in problem E of amrita icpc online round! stupid mistake in logic! @ashwinjagadeesh
well said. #ubunturage http://t.co/gpEYRX1E
ubunturage
extremely irritated. but I'm not leaving home tonight. get lost college!
damn. my class rep tells me now that there is a submission tomorrow! I hate my college!
oh. that's the only reason is it? then I surely want to bunk tomorrow.
nope. I didn't. y u leaving today then? I was thinking of bunking tomo but haven't decided.
what about compilers program? submission tomo right?
vim golf! :) http://t.co/V67merA9
when u going to college?
is it my slow internet connection or are there any problems with the #NokiaWorld live streaming website?
NokiaWorld
wth! the #nokiaWorld live webcast page says that webcast limit has been reached! i cant view anything. this is stupid.
nokiaWorld
that was one extremely long nap that I had! slept for so many hours!
and of course, happy deepavali!! :)
so tired! wont be able to stay awake even for 1 more minute! good night everyone! #exhausted
exhausted
have requested for a better url for the nitt gtug website. meanwhile, the unofficial url is: http://t.co/UPWwDerO
photos on gtug website have been uploaded. :)
i shouldn't be tired now but i am. every1 at home already gone to sleep.
working on the gtug website now. uploading the gtug kickoff photos to the site as well.
i give up. i am not going to download ubuntu 11.10 now with this slow net connection at home.
this tiwary fellow has no control over his bowling. tossing up diwali sweets for the english batsmen.
personally, i don't like unity or gnome-shell but i heard that 11.10 provides a better experience on netbooks than 11.04.
downloading ubuntu 11.10 now. planning to put it on my pendrive and test it out on my mom's netbook and show her how awesome ubuntu is. ;)
india needs a wicket. quick.
exactly!
its been a really long time since i bought some book. especially a comp sci book.
got myself a jeans pant for tomo and a few books on comp sci as well. :)
back home after shopping. :)
did that loooong ago.
oops. spent all my time on google+ now. got to start.
going to attempt a few problems related to segment trees now.
woke up at last!
I prefer g+ over fb becoz I can hv healthy discussions on technology on g+ while friends n relatives on fb think tat i'm spammin their walls
what plans for the day? :)
back home :)
happy birthday da! :-)
was made to shift to the adjacent seat with problems in my sleepy state. woke up now n politely asked him for my original seat. he agreed.
checking twitter through sms.
machi, noone in our wing n ur clothes and umbrella seemed unsafe outside. have put them in my room.
who's going to watch the new srk movie? No.One. @Laugh_Riot
don't worry. ur team itself is a joke. :P #justkidding #runsaway
justkidding
runsaway
doesn't it even cost the usual rate?
been an extremely long time since i had a decent internet connection...
thanks. i think i'll wait.
i think i should go and sleep once again now. feel as if i bumped my head against a brick wall.
2 hours of powercut over. when will the next one be?
what a dumb government! we are having 3 times more power cuts than what we used to have!
when in india?
i have been eyeing the galaxy tab 750 (10.1&quot;) for a long time now. shall i go ahead and buy it?or should i wait for an ics tablet?
power cut?? now?? why???? :(
yay! power back!
damn!! powercut! won't come back surely for an hour now. :-(
dei, i meant study for tomo's exam da. mobile computing.
time to get up and study
power went at 6 am. :-/ hope it comes back at 8.
it says that my prev tweet was through ubuntu. oh well.
what is this twitter client? gwibber? just found it in my panel bar.
disable. u can hide them. that's just abt it.
both the have the same low baritone kind of a start. :) @techrsr
1440 twitter users make an eench. :P @kgdinesh
shhh apple fan boys. its our turn now. #android
android
Tango supports video chat in android phones with just a camera at the back!
congrats!! :D
iris is awesome! for those who haven't used it, it is the equivalent of siri on iphone, for android. and it was built in just 8 hours!!
love the tune. :) #kolaveri
kolaveri
I find so many ppl around me use :wq for save and exit, instead of :x. How do I effectively convince them to use :x?
does a concept of exploiting sms's to compromise mobile phones, exist? @_iakkom
kili-tas.
Hard earned parottas
when they ask me why I got low marks, I'll point a finger and say, &quot;these buhari fellows pa. go on. arrest them.&quot;
these buhari fellows are worst, I say.
is back to my usual abnormal self. :P
dunno what to feel. :|
i want to do something about it!
am so pissed off that we might not make it!
is selection for on-site going to be the 1st team from each college and then rank-wise allocation if slots are available?
sigh.
&quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot; is an anagram of &quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot;.
.skype, viber, fring, nimbuzz, tango and so many other options. what do we go with?
.i would at least need such an app to contact u ppl w/o knocking on your doors everytime.
we need not pay these carriers if we wanna call each other.
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
.http://t.co/xdmlNbuE
dear friends w/ android, y don't we all start usin some phone-call-thru-internet app like skype, viber, etc? wud be gr8 if all of us hv it.
Opera, both desktop and mobile is built for the masses.
that was one insanely long nap that i had.
love the vishnu sahasranamam recitation by T.S.Ranganathan. awesome voice. spiritual feeling.
?
wud like to knw wthr thr hav been incidents where &amp;gt;1million ppl using GSM roaming mobiles meetin up in a location hv crashed a VLR. @_iakkom
dear iPhone 4S user, if u bought it just to be in an 'elite' crowd, u sure are arrogant.
Damn these powercuts!
gave a 2 hour talk on android at nitt-gtug kickoff event now. abt 100 ppl turned up.
nitt gtug successfully started off today!
NITT GTUG Kickoff event today. gonna give a talk on Android.
someone will fork it da. if noone does, i will.
what???????? nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
no option for gnome 2 classic?
coughing like crazy!
awesome article!
#dell
dell
websites need to provide something between actual websites and a mobile site for users like me on a slow internet connection.
in fact, i/o operations aren't natively supported by c.
many updates to Ritchie's death with a printf statement. on a different note, printf isn't natively supported by c, right? we need stdio.h.
All I can think of now, is food. Off to grab something to eat.
using free wifi from clc now.
what a stupid boring class!
couldn't go less than 303 bytes. hmmm...
i give up! i can't write the soln in &amp;lt;256 bytes.
these problems are so hard that even the editorials for them make little sense!
thanksu pa!
My tip got published in this month's lfy magazine. I remember sending it in months ago!
ah. last bench after a long time.
no water anywhere? that's insane!
voted now. :)
not feeling productive? start studying for exams. your productivity in other activities would dramatically increase.
Dart! #google
google
woke up at last!
tried the android yoga app?
What everyone is too polite to say about steve jobs. http://t.co/FF3ljxGR
it used to be. long ago, march used to be the first month of the year. jan and feb were added later. sept=7 oct=8 nov=9 dec=10
oops. thursday perhaps?
will intro to android be enough? planning to make it short and simple as all of us have CT's next week.
they expect us to conduct a kickoff session before wednesday. i think we'd be able to do it.
will tuesday be fine? We need to get permission for venue n put up posters too tomo. suggestions?
suggestions for gtug kickoff event?
Thank you for the private beta invite! http://t.co/1GPO8eU9
.is brilliant!
Am watching that recording of Dalai Lama &amp; Desmond Tutu hangout now. http://t.co/kwPhdAP9
btw, i want to know which book to study compilers from.
this might be a bit long. u can just skim through though. http://t.co/x3MIHPfi
it IS tough. but spending time with it improves your style of coding in procedural based languages.
wow! the haskell session at today's ilugc meet was awesome!
at the ilugc meeting now. was discussing abt scalable systems earlier. discussing about RoR now.
Samsung and google postponing their conference due to jobs death. Apple themselves wouldn't do such a thing.
getjar \m/
http://t.co/woaM7zL4 makes typing easier and quicker!
i think i'll attend the ilugc meet today. its been a long time...
tried SwiftKey x?
SwiftKey x is super awesome! Free on getjar!
my brother is still active on orkut!
got my gsoc t-shirt and certi now! here's my certi. http://t.co/4qc3vWF4
nice. :)
never! i say, never!
omg! woke up to the bad news now. RIP Steve Jobs. :(
why do i prefer twitter and google+ over facebook? because most of the posts on fb are not even worth looking at.
some ppl will watch any form of cricket. even something as bad as a champions league match that doesn't involve any of the teams u support.
golden rule on the internet: never argue w/ morons and noobs. oh yeah, moronic noobs too.
Gaah! Exaggeration! Y.YOU.EXIST??
if this goes any further, i am gonna start a series of guest rage comics.
my mom interrupts my 4 hour sleep and asks me to get ready to meet navarathiri guests. one more reason for me to dislike guests.
Johny English Reborn is one awesome movie! Enjoyed it with friends. :-)
exactly!
and after so many months, apple comes out with a copy of samsung galaxy s2.
nice that express avenue provides free wifi for 2 hours.
does the movie at EA plan still exist? plz keep me updated.
good morning tweeps. :-)
a third yr just now came up to me and asked authoritatively whether i was a second yr. bulbed him with the truth.
gonna reach central bus stand, trichy.
just like every centOS fan would be happy with a redhat release, i am happy that iphone5 is coming. #android
android
&quot;a faceless enemy is the most dangerous.&quot; #apple
apple
&quot;there are so many awesome open source projects online that, to simply waste one's time is a sin. go contribute!&quot;
when will google come up with an equivalent of amazon silk?
its fun to travel as long as u dont have to drag a strolley along.
#f8fefc? (tumblr's) @ferozenaina
f8fefc
gotta go have lunch but this lathangi piece by U Srinivas is holding me back. #whattaman
whattaman
can't read the text clearly though. color of fonts can be lighter. @sathya3445
be at irc://freenode/nitt from now on. we'll chat.
twidge is written in haskell. must learn haskell then.
huge weekend coming up. from tomo till sunday. #dussehraholidays
dussehraholidays
good morning folks! :)
what a day! got flamed by almost everyone!! :-/
checking out twidge once again.
this month is gonna be big. last shot at ACM ICPC.
did you check ur room number on ur door? i changed it today morning. :P
where are you?
and of course, a good amount of sleep can lead to happiness too. :P
just re-learnt one important lesson today. happiness isn't always defined by happy incidents. sometimes, peace and calm lead to happiness.
thanks to for enabling access to ~145 GB of space in my system. :)
listening to Saraswatipriya alapana. never heard this before. always feels good to listen to a new raaga.
shankarabharanam alapana by L.Subramaniam is so comforting and heavenly! :)
Radiance theme in ubuntu is really good. :)
seriously, today has been one of the worst days ever. only good part is, i kinda felt yday, that today would be bad. don't ask me why.
of course, we lost too. but again, that is usual. don't feel that i am worthy of selection. let at least others get a chance.
went to play with a team full of bowlers, never got a chance to bowl, got bowled golden duck. worst of all, i snapped n fought wd d captain.
of course, that decision has got everything to do with me, rather than anything/anyone else. #disappointed
disappointed
worst day of cricket ever! i hereby quit playing cricket at NIT Trichy.
worst monday morning ever!!
clarification: &quot;msp program&quot; meant &quot;applying for msp program&quot; in my prev tweet.
2nd step of msp program hopefully over. can concentrate on icpc preparations properly now.
at code obfuscation finals now. #shaastra
shaastra
of course, it also means that there is a lot of opportunity for the rest of mankind.
have lost hope in mankind. almost everyone wants to #timepass all the time!
timepass
but why code heavily during powercut/travel. 1 Lappy + 1 netbook seems to be a good idea.
u guys can get a netbook...
got selected for code obfuscation finals. that means i have to go back to iit-m for #shaastra today...
shaastra
thanks to for submitting my mobile computing classwork today! :)
keywords of talks that crowds are always attracted to: 1. Hacking 2.Android #lessonslearned #shaastra
lessonslearned
shaastra
insane crowd for the android dev lecture by @lut4rp!! #shaastra
shaastra
will play maybe after icpc.
at an awesome talk by arvind gupta at #shaastra. this guy: http://t.co/CfbSc97Q
shaastra
ah. this guy is showing why one compromise can bring everything down.
so, he makes a guy click a shortened url which hides a js code that steals cookies. #ok
ok
lol. this guy is phishing some random guy in an ethical hacking lecture! #shaastra
shaastra
wait! this guy is supposed to talk abt ethical hacking. sigh. these things always suck.
why cant these #shaastra ppl provide internet connection for organizers from outside?
shaastra
dumb talk on ethical hacking going on at #shaastra.
shaastra
damn! these idiots cant stop misusing the term 'hack'! #disgusted
disgusted
at iitm now. #shaastra
shaastra
back home! :)
overslept, woke up at koyambedu, caught a bus to t nagar n waitin here now! what a start to the day!
not many ppl in the setc bus that i am travelling in. #thursday
thursday
Off to central bus stand, trichy.
mokkai class. no attendance too. :-(
omg! its gururaj!
decided not to go to shaastra but stay in coll today. few unfinished businesses.
happens to me almost all the time in this slow, dumb internet connection that i have.
they should declare 10 days holidays for colleges during dussehra and navarathri. can eat sundal at home, then.
insects all over the place! so switched to a dark twitter theme.
how many of you know that NIT Trichy has its own Google Technology User Group from today? join right away! groups.google.com/group/nitt-gtug
Zynga profits dive 95%, no new games to blame http://t.co/UvgWKNcv
damn! slept for &amp;gt;4 hours!!
of course the mobile desktop twitter widget is awesome too!
GO launcher is truly awesome! love the cartoon theme on my android!
pettai rap and urvasi urvasi! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;chikku bukku chikku bukku raile!!!&quot; #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;arabikkadalorum&quot; now! :-) #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
lol. they said they'll sing a hindi song, sang one line, went to english n then tamil now! no hindi! lol. bulb! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
wth!! what is he singing?? &quot;papa is happy when the food is on the table&quot; ??? #randomsong #festember
randomsong
festember
got into barn after 1.5 hours of waiting! disgusting! #festember
festember
when leaving for barn?
tried to reverse tether my android. #fail so far.
fail
dozed off for a while...
i dont wear glasses regularly. so changed my profile pic almost everywhere.
what?
not got anything to do with padippu machi.
changed my twitter dp to another old one.
had planned to go watch/attend a few events today morning. ended up in spider labs instead...
1.2 Mbps!!
power back. off to spider labs! :)
will put the source code online of course! :) will blog about in a few hours when I come back from festember...
of course, am a final year student. so noone would depend on me. :D
supposed to help others in arranging events. boring non-tech stuff...
gotta have lunch and leave for festember soon. yawn...
spent all morning w/o breakfast to write a python script to retrieve all 50 odd topcoder algorithm tutorial articles. will blog abt it soon.
at barn hall now with friends. #festember
festember
classes over for the day. yay!
can diaspora make an impact in this world of twitter-google+-facebook?
why no article on how fb copying most of google+? would love to see one.
never underestimate a product.
its so silent that i can hear laughing for jokes in the movie that he's watching...
started on 5 drawings for assignment. :-) would have continued if not for this unscheduled powercut...
time for an haircut? yeah!!
u can set passwords for ur androidAP connection da.
bunking all morning classes today. :P
updating my google+ android app now. :)
horrible timetable for tomorrow. planning to bunk a lot.
problems with setuptools while setting up trac on remote system without internet connection http://t.co/LrjjIu3T
today's div 2 srm was kinda tough. must practise more..
:-)
when nobody is nice to you, there is nothing you can do, but just move on. #thathuvam
thathuvam
what can be worse than bad teachers? bad classmates.
11 points increase. ok. i'll take it. at least it has increased...
hmmm. should have started the 900 point problem earlier. seemed easy. wasted too much time on the 600 point problem. its okay. #topcoder
topcoder
reserve your username at http://gkl.st/2 here is mine http://t.co/JrFB79xL
tc srm 519 in an hour...
hard work pays! yeah!!
they tell me that there is no curd rice after billing me for it! eating lemon rice now. sigh...
learnt something new now. hopefully the first good thing that has happened to me so far, today.
yes!! yes yes yes! understood at last!
ouch. my back aches now.
i wish something good would happen now...
just what i wanted. google search provides results from a few social networks. http://t.co/j4yxzE4D
a bright, wonderful monday morning! looking forward to an exciting week! :)
Damn. My gprs has begun to cost me now. Wth is  happening? Stupid airtel!
had weird dreams. strangely, i think i had similar dreams years ago. good morning tweeps.
opinions change with experience. #thathuvam
thathuvam
'Best apps' is one of the best apps out there on the android market. a must try for android users.
when will i ever learn to not talk to strangers?
facebook is for braggarts. twitter is for chatterboxes. but there is a bit of both inside every one of us.
windows. open?? oh. u dont mean the OS. let me go back to what i was doing...
cant sms. :-( at least can tweet...
rameshwaram exp
piri man da nee. :-)
and rameshwaram exp has started. got my ticket checked now, too.
and that leaves 4 rupees as balance. strangely costing me 1 rupee per sms, now. cant sms any1 too. cha.
oh. lol. thought u saw me.
yep. am wearing a grey t shirt.
wth! my current gprs plan is different from my original gprs plan. so 60 bucks detected from balance now. :-(
in one of those nice coaches with power sockets all over the place. :-)
windows 8?
uninstallation done.
i'm going to say goodbye to this macbuntu theme and return to good ol' ubuntu's 'Ambiance' theme.
y u so scared? @viveksundarm
YEAHHHH!!!!!! my ubuntu is back! triple booting ubuntu 11.04, windows 7 and windows 8 dev preview now. :)
off to the Startup Center for Mobile Monday on a Saturday. #MoMo
MoMo
damn! i cant even use a computer without my glasses! everything seems more blurred w/o them.
what is happening? seeing more icons on my start menu now. #w8dp
w8dp
good morning tweeps. back home safely. :)
lol.
lol. he started the conversation first!
lol. was talking abt android to some random stranger in the town bus to trichy. felt good.
good to see new, clean seat covers on this setc bus. :-)
i want my ubuntu back! missing it already :'( @_iakkom
nice. :-) how abt putting it on wikileaks?
nee verumna paathundu thaan iruppa. @_iakkom
wait. how is that apps are closing now in windows 8 dp, if i press alt+F4? this wasn't working yday.
feeling much better after that deep sleep... :)
one guy is calling wipro, infosys, cts and tcs as the &quot;venerable big four&quot;!!
haha. true. not comfortable on desktops/laptops. i was comparing its start menu with older versions of windows. :-)
must've listened to mankatha theme song &amp;gt;30 times since afternoon. too good. thanks to @_iakkom.
like my mob's new screen guard. :-)
haha! 2 of my batchmates professing their love to each other over facebook!
windows 8 might not be the most comfortable or customizable OS that i have ever seen, but it surely one of the best! damn intuitive!
loving windows 8 developer preview on a fast internet connection. :)
is on a photo walk around the campus with a 5mp camera. :-P
sure! :-)
first tweet from Tweet:)
after 2 hours of chaotic comedy with @viswanathgs, and finally @_iakkom, got windows 8 dev preview workin on my lappy. :-)
HURRAY!! downloaded windows 8 developer preview. was so tensed that the sha1 checksums might not match! they did! yay!!
its at 99% now!! :)
I hereby declare war!! on my laziness!!
been a long time since i felt this pathetic!! :|
if I buy the galaxy tab 750 from your website, how do I avail that vodafone plan?
i really must start solving these 1000 point problems!! not even attempting them... :(
i think i'll go to spider labs now n put windows 8 on download. will be having lunch at vasantham n will come to class from there.
ya. its huge! i dunno whether 3 hours would be sufficient to download it with the internet speed over there...
not yet. it just released a while ago. will do it today. lots of great feedback abt it. tempted to bunk web class today. :-P
lol. smell of books for e-books! :D http://t.co/mq7E7x2
ah. i think i'll replace that third partition in my system containing fedora 15 now, with windows 8 developer preview.
damn. just when i was abt to order an android tablet, they release windows 8. looks very promising, i must say! #build
build
i just love this metro UI!
i was beginnin to wonder why i wanted an android tab. jus remembered that it was because i wanted to optimize wordpress for android tablets!
good morning tweeps. feeling great in the morning after a long time. had a good night's sleep. :-)
for once i am glad that my room is warm..
shipped my gsoc code to google today. yay!
make way for minus! http://t.co/oHavlbe
OUCH! http://t.co/cFPC8eA
whew. just confirmed that today is the soft deadline.
Awesome news abt delicious  http://t.co/Qdr9nv8
i dont want to go to the only theory class of today. boo hoo. #boring
boring
no revolutionary news in tech for the past few days. #boring
boring
there is a huge difference between teasing among friends and slander on a public forum.
it need not even be written by the same person. multiple ppl using hashtags, maybe?
no. u didnt get me. a series of tweets that make up a short story.
readin abt data mining. i dont want all info. just want necessary info tht i need frm this book. i.e.data mine this book on data mining.
how about using twitter as a medium to write/narrate short stories? there would be live feedback as well. @kgdinesh
every raagam/song sounds good if the singer sings it that way.
bouli is awesome. kalpana swarams in it are even more awewome.
me thinks tht me will take a break from swype and use the samsung soft-keyboard in landscape mode instead...
This book on How Children Learn Language by William O'Grady is just awesome!
and advised me not to have too much of this kesari. I should've listened.
ah. I think I would have to use my laptop today.
Ah. I always thought that no1 looked at this perspective for nlp. But found a book. &quot;How children learn language&quot; by william o grady. Nice.
mobile twitter is faster than twitter apps mainly because u don't see profile pics in it.
ah. almost. but not for programming purposes...
topcoder da. was talking about yday's srm.
played games on mobile, listened to the radio. came to library about an hour back. reading a few interesting stuff.
I have challenged myself not to open my laptop today. going good so far.
oh yes. I think I will learn hindi.
ah. ok.
oh. I thought the aim was to spread knowledge. cha.
I don't understand. Why aren't all academic research papers available online for free?
why is it that I wake up so late on Sundays? anyway, good morning tweeps.
i am not even attempting this 1000 point problem.
1000pt problems. Y.YOU.SO.HARD??
3 more hits and my blog will reach 6k hits. :P http://t.co/j2gXjeo
ivar apudiye police u. naanga thirudanaama. i need to 'accept' facts aam. ensuring that justice is served via facebook.
lol at he doubts my credibility.
Onaan inside spider labs. Lol.
where did you buy? how much?
The quickest and most reliable way of accessing twitter on my android is the mobile website.
The English cricket team would love the name of the next version of Android. #jellybean
jellybean
time to begin. #coding
coding
lol. thu.
do indians still watch cricket??
been receiving a lotta visits on my blog for the past few days. naice...
u disgusting ppl. one placed in an electrical company and another a EEE student...
i increase the entropy of the universe by adding unknown but interesting ppl into my &quot;Random&quot; circle on google+.
wait. i've been spending so much time on google+ that i haven't even noticed twitter for a while now...
summa verupethifying. :P
yay!
awesome da!
I can either continue to laze around in my room like this or go to Spider labs and work properly. I choose the latter.
70467 in racing moto! muhahaha! beat that, @_iakkom!
&quot;yethi yethi&quot; on radio now. brings back first year memories...
Heading to trichy with comp sci classmates for treat.
Yay! Installed Paper Camera for free from getjar! It IS as awesome as everyone claim it to be!
i think my twitter page looks better now :) #allwhite
allwhite
listening and singing along to &quot;mazhai varudhu mazhai varudhu&quot; on infinite loop. wingmates feeling...
I better stop snoozing and start rising... Good morning tweeps.
First we called him Jagadeesh. Then Jagi. And then Jag. Now, we don't call him anymore. :P  @Satish_NR
@_iakkom: when u guys leaving?
I love distributed computing but this class is boring...
I wonder how patents are granted to apple for some really silly stuff. Something v fishy...
Restore and Preserve Page State for Windows Phone 7.5 or Mango Phone http://t.co/FRJjEed /via @wordpressdotcom
is at a new low. fresh beginnings ahead... #hope
hope
either i am missing out on something or people are not listening to me...
i am still out here!
i want those qsn papers!
btw, change your username to something else da. please.
have a look. http://t.co/cUq0ksk
have u seen videos of windows phone 7 mango? it seems twitter and facebook have been integrated into it! looks good. :)
how abt creating a distro just for social purposes?
ah. doesn't seem to be tweeting. and that can mean only one thing. HE'S STUDYING!!!
specific cd or all cds? which version of ubuntu?
i got a good internet connection now. yeah!
3g connection! Y.YOU.FAIL.ME?
i think u have given me only one koshtin paper containing 40 koshtins...
hey. yeah, it was. :)
Off to creative writing 'exam' now...
I don't like these horrible tamil film songs that they play in these buses. That too this early in the morning!
some of my friends are scared/irritated that unknown people add them on google+. and they do have twitter acccounts! #hypocrites #fb
hypocrites
fb
mobile computing is pretty interesting...
i asked how ur preparation is, da.
Am at chennai occ now. Looking at some very interesting startup products...
boarded train? How is ur preparation da?
ok.
just realized that vasanth's link was the ebook that u had already given to me. ma'am mentioned some other book right? wt abt that?
12 crore zeros perhaps?
.seems to be studying a lot. no tweets for quite some time now... dei, anyway u r S grade in mobile da.
lol.
Awesome experience at nerd dinner chennai today!
yep. he never attended any class though. placements...
And the second event for the day is nerd dinner chennai. am already here. might start in a short while.
I am NOT going to watch another tamil movie for a looooong time!!
i should start studying for monday's &quot;Mobile Computing&quot; exam, now. but i think i'll try to come up with a windows phone 7 app now...
and the first event for the day is mankaatha! booked tickets yday night...
good morning tweeps. :) have 2 events planned for the day...
http://t.co/eEFDD3X
good night folks. not sleepy but i think i'll play around with my mobile before going to sleep. c ya.
dear apple, go die! http://t.co/ZeN9AnS
lol! bing and google plus. http://t.co/Cbs78Qj
and oh, yeah. epic fail today. thought that 1530 UTC meant 11pm Indian time!
back home... :)
samsung launched some new products today. maybe, postponing my decision to buy the galaxy tab was an awesome decision after all...
refer my prev tweet.
Galaxy Ace - Gingerbread update http://t.co/ZCevKQj
there seems to be only post/site online that has taken notice of the galaxy ace gingerbread update in india! sad...
the world looks much better when u upgrade your android device... have a great morning everyone!
dunno what feels better. gingerbread or triple sixes by dravid...
Yes. :-)
am now running gingerbread on my ace. :)
yay! heard that gingerbread official update is available for galaxy ace in india now!! woot! @_iakkom
with toshiba, amazon and sony entering the market, the consumers stand to gain...
reason being, there aren't too many android tabs out in the market yet. more competition means better products and cheaper price.
argh! dilemma max! i think i will wait for a few months before buying the galaxy tab...
offline gmail is awesome! http://t.co/ROVS4jn
Only few hours remaining to convince me to not buy a galaxy tab 750. flipkart's offer gets over then.
Badminton, table tennis, pool and swimming with bro! Awesome experience!
google+ also supports j,k.
why isn't mangatha trending on twitter?
can never understand why some people do not allow others to dream big. #bro
bro
if i pre-order the Samsung Galaxy Tab 750 now, when will i get it?
not exactly. we've just found inner peace...
ah. that's ok. we know which coll is better... :)
the question is not &quot;will i&quot;, but &quot;when will i&quot;...
romba over! http://t.co/zG4pqSW
must start tracking time.
another reason why working on open source projects are awesome. u get to make good friends like :)
can someone invite me to quora? #quora
quora
tired. even twitter seems boring now...
Got to start studying now...
Anna becomes an icon, Irom Sharmila forgotten - India News - IBNLive http://t.co/UGKvaVD
for sms spam, smsBlocker is pretty good.
thanks! just now saw this tweet. got placed in microsoft about a month back...
apparently there's some random football match going on...
yay! can go study now!
lol. not yet. ;) :P
in fact, i was asked to upload it onto youtube.
and what's wrong with that?
my video for the microsoft student partner program: http://t.co/0FDLoQF :P
sadly, no irc client seems to be as awesome as chatzilla. makes me depend on firefox.
MUST.STOP.SINGING.ALONG! #canthelpit
canthelpit
in love with automata once again! :)
:D :P
dai! anyway, gnome2 still rocks! and echofon sucks because i'd have to use firefox.
and i just reached 2000 tweets with my prev tweet! :P
i salute medical students like who devote their time and lives to the welfare of other people! you rock!!
those students are of course, medical students!!
in midst of all this complaining, i can't help but feel amazed about a group of students. they study and they serve.
i bet some of my classmates are going through prev years kosthin papers now...
nee vera. i'd be studying for placements now, if so!
t2k is nearing... (tweet two thousand)
i wish companies that we got placed in, could just whisk us away from college right now and take us to their offices...
random songs on infinite loop...
i guess i must stop complaining and resume studying...
most of them might be studying even now. :(
it is ok with me to study, after getting placed. but i'd want to study something new. not old stuff!!
why isn't 'cycle test' trending on twitter? :|
have felt the same, over all these years... :|
can't believe that i have to study stuff that were taught 1.5 years ago! unfair! #automata
automata
of course, if i am really purchasing, it'd be only around december or later...
galaxy tabs 730 and 750, motorola xoom come with honeycomb. rumors abt toshiba coming up with a tab as well.
i did. confused over what to buy next. will give this ace to my dad if i go for nexus prime.
in fact, getting my first android, is indirectly the reason why i'm going for something next. #gsoc
gsoc
i might not buy at all too. kinda confused. might be receiving a windows phone 7 next year, to add to the confusion.
:P would be my response. #nocomments
nocomments
galaxy tab or nexus prime?? #confused
confused
huh?
RT twitter needs to make tagging not eat up the word count.
wow! the windows phone 7 emulator looks stunning. much better than the android one...
not if we dunno the answers while giving the exam...
Companies are like political parties. They can become a liability any time. Better not to talk about them at all.
on twitter? there's an @ Mentions tab below the &quot;What's happening?&quot; textbox. you can view tweets mentioning you, over there.
#ThankYouSteveJobsFor making everyone realize that every little detail on a product deserved the attention of a CEO. http://t.co/RJ7NlMb
ThankYouSteveJobsFor
realized that i've all along seen only from google's perspective. nice one. http://t.co/LL1rOSu #applevsgoogle
applevsgoogle
is now a gsocer... :)
just saw the news. awesome da! congrats! :)
awesome!!
fb - acquaintances
deadlock
today is friday. which means unlimited payasam in mess. Slurrppp!
awesome weather here at trichy!
good morning tweeps! :)
that worked! forgot to inform earlier...
that feeling u get when u realize u might have been wrong all along...
NVIDIA and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet + Tegra Zone power pack http://t.co/NY3qAtt Begin living life!
cycle tests coming up. will lower my twitter usage for the next few weeks.
check this. http://t.co/h9jXvD3
when I +1 something, do I say plus oned or plussed one?
am not gonna retweet funny/interesting tweets that might make me lose credibility. gonna +1 them instead.
&quot;Students, take your mobile out n check your IMEI number. Go on, do it.&quot; - prof in mobile computing class
just what i wanted! http://t.co/i8RmWRL @_iakkom
big news that was made while I was sleeping: Steve Jobs Resigns. hmmm... dunno how to react.
good morning tweeps! classes from 8.30 to 4 today...
didn't u just have dinner?
prof who teaches compilers keeps referring to automata all the time. and i don't remember most of it.
is planning to read automata all over again...
where art thou?
ah. yes. point taken.
i meant that this is comfortable too. so, no reason to not expect people to use it.
viewing conversations, images and videos are v comfy in the web...
got to add new photos to twitter asap!
just saw the time! gotta rush to class. dear followers, u have been saved, if u have not been bored to death already!
Who is suing who? http://t.co/RAZmfJu
Gold: Did You Know You Could Rip Apart Your Computer and Melt the Circuit Boards for Gold? - http://t.co/b9MqRZK
TIL that djvu is supposed to be pronounced as dejavu. makes more sense now...
ppl ought to realize that the 'good' guys are the bad guys and the 'bad' guys are the good guys. #random
random
if apple acquires twitter, i think i'll stop using it, as a sign of protest.
it seems i have tweeted &amp;gt;1000 tweets through the web interface. atleast one milestone reached before class, today...
ah. according to tweetstats, i tweeted more this month, than last month. and there's still a week left...
i admit defeat. i can't type too many tweets in a short span of time. i'd end up spamming people too.
and more importantly, most open source organizations have really nice ppl with whom you can interact with. #opensource
opensource
just realized that which organization you work for, doesn't matter much. whom you work with, does.
thanks! :)
i would really like if more of my friends use google+ regularly.
Hamirkalyani is an awesome raaga. #carnatic #music
carnatic
music
Android (Finally) Taking Steps Towards WebKit And&#160;Chromium via http://t.co/O7Ajxb5
and yeah. must begin studying for my cycle tests too. they start next week. secretly hope that they get postponed...
hmmm. i might have to do a video or a screencast of my gsoc project sometime soon. sounds good. will do it.
just noticed that my klout score seems to be rising quite steeply, of late...
84 tweets in 42 min?? that's 2 tweets per min. don't think i'd be able to reach 2000 tweets before morning class today...
thought that there will be a powercut at 8. nope. there isn't. yay!
Dhoni's preference: &quot;Veil, of course.&quot;
that completes one hour of trying to stay awake but dozing off. MUST.WAKE.UP!
i'd rather watch india's batting collapse, rather than see sachin score his 100th hundred in a losing cause in this shameful series.
open the innings. hit about half of the team's total. watch your mates get out. carry the bat. follow-on enforced. open the next innings.
can we see a 300+ score on the board now? plz plz.
dravid on 99...
&quot;Dravid might stay unbeaten this innings and have to come out again as an opener when India follow-on. That will require some real effort!&quot;
and gokulashtami poojai is on...
back to the old market.
microsoft does. :P
there's an app called smsBlocker on the android market that does that.
lol. hitler and hp. http://t.co/ivRSEY2
wow! just what I wanted! http://t.co/2QL7pZ4
what is that code in the background?
and why exactly am I not able to follow new people now?
and yeah, good morning folks. awesome weather at chennai...
twitter DOES need to roll out new features. improve lists, give some new designs, improve your people search, DO SOMETHING!!
Dash dot and more - Saar! Auto?: http://t.co/BRS5x9h
should write a twitter bot to find out which accounts are twitter bots.
lol. where do u search? twitter?
don't think so. they r emotionally drained after the world cup, kirsten's departure &amp; ipl. he would have taken care of tat.
really awesome! Clicking on hashtags seems to crash the app, though.
feels good to see some tweets abt myself. :P will retweet them now.
felt good to give a lightning talk at the #GTUGChn kickoff event today. :) #fb
GTUGChn
fb
that was an interesting video session with Shashank from Google. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
intro time. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
that is exactly what a service is!
and #GTUGChn kickoff has started. is delivering the keynote.
GTUGChn
why isn't any1 else tweeting about the gtug chennai kickoff event? #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
its actually &amp;gt; 150 million android activations now. :) #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
they're now playing that &quot;100 million Android activations&quot; video at #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
lol.
announcement by @ImKarthikK: #GTUGChn kickoff will start in 10 min. waiting for other enthusiasts.
GTUGChn
the first gtug chennai event is gonna start now... #GTUGChn #kickoff #fb
GTUGChn
kickoff
fb
New version of tweetdark free is much more awesome now!
Am at #GTUGChn now. With my parents. :P
GTUGChn
is it possible to get tickets for 2 people at the event? I have one and I'd be accompanying them.
any windows mobile/phone developers in India? whom can I connect with?
fake news: facebook buys palm. all social networks abuzz with 'facepalm' moments. @fakingnews
google+ completes me.
just woke up now n got to know about HP's future plans. BIG news.
good morning tweeps! have a wonderful day! :)
Conversation with Torvalds. http://t.co/GRySuUY
yikes! already 7 am! i can't stop reading these tech blogs.
not in the mood to go running now. will rather sit in room and code...
let us wait for it to dawn. we can at least see how wet the grounds are, behind our hostel. that'll give us some idea.
dunno. the ground might be wet. what shall we do?
good morning tweeps. :)
Long day...
Science: Five Little-Known Inventions From Deceased Robot Maker George C. Devol - http://t.co/4FPoXTj
haha http://t.co/uw3MDN8
even startup founders give lectures at UC Berkeley. so, my point is, becoming a prof is over-rated. i feel its not worth it.
twitter could do with a +1 button. i wouldn't want to favorite or retweet all interesting tweets.
and is awake now. can go jogging... :)
Kernel modules must have at least two functions: a &quot;start&quot; function called init_module() and an &quot;end&quot; function called cleanup_module()
ping me when u wake up. we'll go jogging.
oh, yeah. good morning tweeps. :)
Simply awesome - and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet http://t.co/Spdr4lQ. I hope I get one.
Will Google Lure Microsoft Into The Cellphone Briar&#160;Patch? via http://t.co/Qsm4feu
&#8220;Defending&#160;Android&#8221; via http://t.co/sqemUm1
something great is gonna happen today. i can sense it.
Apple&#8217;s Evidence In European Galaxy Tab Injunction Was Seriously Misleading&#8230; As In&#160;False via http://t.co/ebuFmyP
which one?
he got placed there? or is he our campus representative? @_iakkom
what is this about u and directi that i hear? @_iakkom
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE GOOGLE-MOTOROLA DEAL: Google Had To Do It--And It Could End Up Being A Disaster http://t.co/2UP6cXV
today's google doodle suddenly seems to look more like the motorola logo now...
maybe microsoft will acquire nokia now.
awesome news for google and android fans: google acquires motorola!
gonna make dosas of all varieties now... :)
eight tweets make a twyte.
what u upto, today?
good morning tweeps! :)
dad sure needs some rest now after driving for so long. as usual, i slept off during the boring parts of the journey. so, feeling fresh! :P
gosh! that trip to surutupalli was long, hot and tiring but it was fun and exciting at the same time too!
back home at last!
Off to surutapalli now.
finished gayatri japam now. :)
its my dad's bday today! happy birthday @simulation!
lol. what happened to gayatri japam? when u doing it?
its ok da. good morning! :)
i am NOT supposed to feel sleepy now after sleeping for such a long time today afternoon!! but i AM feeling sleepy...
u awake?
its goosebumps da
games on google+ are awesome!
time to rebel.
dang! slept for 4 hours again, in the morning!
happy aavani aavittam folks! just got back home after poonal changing ceremony... :)
why do i feel tired already? i must have slept for at least 3-4 hours today morning...
lol. even has a klout score of only 84.
disgusting sehwag.
u sure? i doubt it.
i just love typing nonsense on twitter!
klout is not a game, my friend.
hope to work on something related to twitter sometime soon...
dei dei. too much da! :P no football too, plz. :D
can everyone stop talking about cricket for a while? it hurts.
is any1 else having problems on facebook?
&quot;Your account is currently unavailable due to a site issue. We expect this to be resolved shortly. Please try again in a few minutes.&quot; - fb
is on a retweeting spree. if someone is following me on mobile, i'd suggest them to stop it for the next few days... :P #twitter #athome
twitter
athome
when will samsung galaxy tab 750 (10.1) be available on flipkart?
finally! the group has been created. welcome, fellow admin.
good morning tweeps! :)
got 20 min left to pack my stuff and here I am, before my comp, tweeting...
going to dosa mela at sangeetha's for dinner tonight. and then leaving for chennai. dear home, here I come!
whew! that was one hectic week at coll! glad that it has finally come to an end... almost.
windows mobile is over. i think u might be referring to windows phone...
good morning tweeps. another day nearly full of classes, coming up...
Evicted from my room by insects!! Gaah!
classes seem to be going fast. wouldn't say that about evening life...
fingers and arms screaming in pain! played mirudangam after months! feeling good. :)
The Hindu : Columns / Nirmal Shekar : Dravid deserves greater respect: http://t.co/akWrDII via @AddThis
Its important to keep ur ideas under wraps until u implement them.
this is the third continuous day that I am having a nearly-full day at college!! #eksi
eksi
planning to listen to classes from today... :)
oh. cool. asked because I got placed at Microsoft. was v curious n didn't know whom to ask. thanks anyway! :)
just wanted to clarify. Microsoft employees have the freedom to use non-Microsoft products like GNU/Linux as their OS, right?
already 11 am! gotta wash clothes b4 continuing work on #gsoc project... :(
gsoc
good morning tweeps! gotta get working. #gsoc
gsoc
wait. was the accident at sometime around 5pm in ecr road?
shit!! one of my closest childhood friends passed away today evening in a car accident!! shocked to get the news!!! :( :'(
Tired...
hi. i got to knw abt u in that html5.in conf last year at chennai where u talked abt css3. a doubt. do u work at microsoft hyd?
enjaai!
i hope that they don't chuck me out because i refuse to use the OS that they make... what am i supposed to do?
nope. forever GNU/Linux. more of an ubuntu fan actually...
damn! i never thought my twitter handle that way. i don't use windows... :P
what is windows xp?? (looks around to see if any1 else knows...)
Yawn! Good morning tweeps!
jus realized now. even the matrix had agent smith. #justsaying
justsaying
feeling depressed/angry/irritated/tired/sad?? listen to some music!
Awake at last... #goodmorning
goodmorning
feel sorry for mozilla! :( http://t.co/iOGbS46
bot from ur id to tweet greetings at regular intervals to specific people so that they don't feel that u r ignoring them. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
different forms of tweets that appear personalized to specific users. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
i believe and will have more #ideasfortwitter too.
ideasfortwitter
an AI program that tries to determine what ur mood is, from ur latest few tweets. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
a programming contest site that takes tweets as input programs for judging. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
let me a create a new hashtag on twitter and see how far it goes. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
my reaction wasn't for ur mokka. it was for getting placed in THAT company!
paappom paappom. either i won't be in THAT company or THAT company would have become the biggest champion of open source cos of me
angry that i'm being associated with something dumb. :P THEY WILL NEVER BUY MY VIEWS!! NEVER EVER!! NOOO....
my dad is live on radio at http://t.co/TNHUQix on aboorva raagangal part 2. 90.1 FM.
Fedora 7?? U must be kidding me!
congrats @_iakkom!! awesome job!
life's good when u have download speeds greater than 1.2Mbps.
wow! congrats guys! all the best for ur next round! u guys will surely get it!
ok. cool. i'll be going at 10.30. will come to room before that anyway. let me know if u change ur mind.
thanks da. my phone ran out of charge. i called her a few min back after putting it on charge. thanks anyway. :)
oh. cool. good luck with second round. :) btw, sp2hari is in garnet tonight and is leaving only tomo. coming at 10.30 to meet him?
back in room? what's ur interview status?
that's strange. i remember not being able to do an svn checkout from college...
interviews going on? good luck buddy. :) can u msg me when u r free? want to ask u something.
and the best gift on my star bday so far! commit access to the official wordpress android app! yay!! sign that i have finally grown up!
had an awesome dinner with the legendary @sp2hari!! planning to meet him again in a few hours. he is simply superb! learnt a lot from him.
Awesome star bday so far!!
Going to be the toughest exam of my life...
its disappointing days like these when I feel that I should stop watching/following cricket...
I believe that they came out with such an algo just for fun...
yep. :)
searching on google news for &quot;govind tiwari&quot; will give u a better picture...
he's a random guy who's infamous for creating the worst-looking blog one could ever create...
feels good to view a bit of nature whenever I look up away from my laptop. http://yfrog.com/h0tu9wgj
RT now just gonna wait for #basha to trend on twitter :)
basha
thanks to for gifting me these awesome headphones...
feels that headphones around one's neck look cooler than over one's head...
no. observed that i'm putting on weight. would love to start running long distances...
Integrating is tougher than developing stand alone parts of a program.
Must start running.
According to tweetstats, is the second highest person whom I have replied to, via twitter. The first is his old twitter handle...
Creativity is the father of Invention.
my situation is worse... :( couldn't go even though I had a ticket...
&quot;Lie! Run! Hide!&quot; Ya. Ok, right.
exactly.
There'll be a day when companies expect candidates to write program solutions in less than 140 characters...
lol. I wanted to say that first. But changed my mind later. :P Btw, did u just say 'apt'? I expected 'yum' from u...
someone with a rhyming nickname. where the nickname's first 3 letters are &quot;kay&quot;... ;) :P
I hereby christen my room as &quot;Anirudh's Laboratory&quot;.
did they just buy me and my views? no. they didn't. i still stand by what I've said...
Ayo kadavule! Some student next to me putting scene after first round. Irritating!!
vaazhkaikke machan...
Moral of the story: being good feels good.
When will I ever see a linux system being projected on the screen for these kind of presentations?
The organizing fellows from my coll r here. They're checking d sound system with some random music that sounds like a harmonica...
When was the last time that I arrived first at some place? This feels good...
No. I am not taking part in non-technical activities anymore...
what a lousy performance! :( #tc #srm
tc
srm
at ilab with @gklsndr...
awake at last...
That was another boring class. Relieved that I need not attend anymore for the day...
Sadly, I am so pazham that i'm scared to bunk classes...
WHAT.A.BORING.CLASS!!
TIL that Eric Schmidt was the co-author of LEX!
wow! awesome article da! thanks for sharing.
thank u! :)
thanks da. :)
didn't like it. expected more...
Disappointed with deivathirumagal...
Deivathirumagal with family now.
i think its karaharapriya da...
awesome bday gift! thanks!! :)
Had an awesome evening at bessie with parents!
ipl DOES improve cricket relations b/w countries. couldn't have expected pk n kp congratulate each other at the end of yday, if not for ipl.
now listening to Neevanti Daivamu Shadanana - Bhairavi raagam by Malladi Bros...
just realized that my typing speed has improved considerably over the past few weeks. touch typing finally seems to have paid off.
want inspiration? here it is... (in case u already haven't read it) :P http://t.co/kRKrCo1
oh. just realized that i have classes from 10.30 today. read it as 1.30 yday...
good morning tweeps. hope to have a better day today.
Shocked to know that google labs will be shut down!
That completes 2 boring classes for the day. Hope the next one is better...
Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me. #launch http://t.co/NlcH2PR via @vizualizeme
launch
only google can have white backgrounds, is it? i'll have a white background for my twitter profile too! (...pukes in the background later)
gnome3 is the worst thing that ever happened to fedora...
hmmm... how is twitter working properly on chromium - fedora 15 now?
i knew what today's google doodle was about, before clicking on it! that's because i was a bio student in 11th and 12th... :)
lol... http://t.co/lw3qzWg
@ home away from home... #spiderlab
spiderlab
Dear professor, if u r gonna teach us how to use the web, y dont u teach us how to brush our teeth, how to eat, etc as well?
I keep half-expecting the sites I write on my notebook, to automatically get converted into hyperlinks. @kgdinesh
yeah. official gingerbread update has been released! is it available in india? will have to check now...
so, now i am supposed to update my video card drivers and reinstall the adt plugin?? surely, this is a joke, right?
damn! i shouldn't have update my adt plugin...
enough of studying for the day...
where art thou?
back in college machis!
Nice. This compartment actually has got 2 plug sockets for every 8 seats, for charging laptops and mobile phones. and they actually work!
back home after shopping for clothes for bday. :)
god! still so sleepy...
lazy sunday afternoon...
:D just kidding
wait. I am an executive member of Amruthavarshini right? does it mean this? http://t.co/fX5PIoL
u should maybe try the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Load from snapshot&quot; options...
yay! android app is free from ads from the latest version! way to go!
last day of summer hols 2011. what do i do today? hmmm...
Tendulkar seems to have a long list of people who have got him out as their first wicket.
wow! thanks!
2 out of 3 electives? i think i'll drop kunwar....
hai! jolly! can timepass in daaktar's class...
hotot new UI doesn't appeal to me
experiencing awesome download speeds today!
is awake once again...
why am i suddenly having a download speed &amp;gt; 2Mbps ?? how come?
or break jagi's phone. u'll feel better. @ashwinjagadeesh
time to step on the gas pedal!
just realized that my phone's earphones are more comfy and provide a better effect than the normal earphones i lost a few days back...
am all the more motivated to work now! keep the cash flowing, guys... :P
passed midterms. :) congratulations to all other gsoc students who passed!
got a congratulatory mail now! thanks. :)
hey. sorry to bother you. just want to confirm. all procedures for midterm phase have been done from both our sides, right?
almost there...
font size? :P
at least commentary on cricinfo?
needs a chrome addon to convert all those hindi statements typed in english on facebook, to actual english statements. #cantunderstandathing
cantunderstandathing
i see many ppl use that da. was reminded by @ashwinjagadeesh's statement...
y do some ppl type &quot;come on&quot; as &quot;common&quot; ?? doesn't it mean something else?
gnome3 is worse than unity. u dont make me happy when i'm not able to customize u... :(
Nice post about Sammy. http://t.co/DBDI10B
thank u! thank u!
Iphone? Nope. My android. #customizability http://yfrog.com/klkitp
customizability
past 14 hours = 3 hours of sleep + 11 hours of coding!! whew!!
machi...  nee gethu da!
can't restrain myself from saying &quot;MUHAHAHA&quot; after writing some really nice code...
If I had been a twitter addict, I would've tweeted abt the minor road accident I witnessed outside my window jus now. But I'm not, u see...
first, i made my ubuntu look like a mac. now, my android looks like an iphone! :D #customizability
customizability
not yet. will try soon.
Reached home. Yay!
ya. Realized that. Wish the bar was thinner. The whole thing looks awesome anyway!
good luck! :D
Hope someone comes out with a lighter theme too, of tweetdeck...
Could do without that white bar between tweets though. #tweetdark
tweetdark
Wow! Tweetdark is awesome! Exactly what I wanted.
nice dp :-)
yep :-)
thanks. :)
Strange. Not getting sms for twitter replies...
we're on our way...
reached home?
market link for the app? Can't find it through mobile.
wru guys?
I think i'll have brunch today.
wru guys now?
Chanderpaul century! #whattaman
whattaman
who holds what positions in amruthavarshini for this year?
so what's the news from coll? what do we take with us?
do i integrate twitter with google+? nah, i don't think so. at least not yet.
working during weekends gives a nice feeling... :)
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! &amp;lt;pause&amp;gt; noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!
:D :P
oops! meant &quot;3rd year hols&quot; in my prev tweet...
wait. even if i return home in a few days, is today the last day of my 3rd sem hols?
thanks to my mentor's dvorak keyboard, i had an awesome voice chat with him today! :P
night out dhaan today! never have been so excited about my project, now that i've completely understood everything that is reqd!
just realized the power of discussing things thru skype over discussing the same thing thru irc channels!
don't think so...
i forgot. i got some amruthavarshini post right? :P what was it?
for those who use w3schools: http://t.co/WnerSoI
as usual. cheapness. http://t.co/KVcHEmW
in fact, its my backup mentor whom i'm interacting with, for the past few days. he has lived a few months in india! :D he knows. :)
both my mentors r v cool. they don't mind all this. but i feel ashamed to tell them how pathetic our country is....
lol. not him da...
ashamed to tell my mentor that i couldn't come online because of the power cut here in TN! WHERE IS MY CONTINUOUS POWER SUPPLY, CM??
yay! power back at last.... can now get back to work!
Worst day of hols ever! Think its a 9-5 power cut! all work stalled...
bleddy mosquitoes, y u stab me?
Androinica &#187; Android Market website ratings: a week of rants, reviews, and reality checks: http://t.co/Oq6aXK6 via @AddThis
elders say that only studies soru podum. i am hungry right now. what am i supposed to study?
omg! is truly awesome!! u might love it too!
3 maidens in a row! http://t.co/HsgpERL
u don't need to have a comp. how abt a mobile app? would be great to receive more of ur tweets...
AAAAAND... &amp;chbh=a does the trick! thanks to my mentor for pointing out how stats are implemented in the ios app! :)
and the new honda city arrived today! congrats @simulation!!
i want to make rage comics on some of my coll mates...
its not even 12 hours since i woke up but the day seems long... must be because i am working...
what is Kieswetter doing?? allow Cook to score a century!!
come on cook! get that century!!
cook seems to be playing his best odi innings ever!!
so, facebook decides to ask users to download an exe file for video chat?? that doesn't work even under wine for me... facebook is fail.
How to Sell Like Steve Jobs http://t.co/9Bcs9q5 via @copyblogger
sure! leaving to coll on sunday.
cool. thanks! :)
considering free anti-virus s/w for mom's netbook. ur suggestion? is avast still good?
love the background music too! http://t.co/U0cFiNf
have always loved these wafers...
yep. most of my work would finish by next week anyway...
cleaning up my inbox. setting up new filters b4 i leave to college...
some ppl don't use the reply button in twitter. wonder why...
am back on twitter!
rain!!
suddenly, life seems good...
taking up the job of fixing the algorithmist website and updating stuff, as my responsibility. does any1 want to join?
Facebook to launch its own country to take on Google Plus: http://t.co/IK5oKtB
Twitter Is Obscenely Profitable http://t.co/TphfLb5
ada paavingala! chennai not available as an option yet... cha.
wait. was the &quot;Add my location&quot; option available earlier for chennai tweeters? nice...
awesome! http://t.co/ofaUAYT
IBM develops 'instantaneous' memory, 100x faster than flash http://t.co/pamLr0v via @engadget
lol http://t.co/vJaVu0W
some prob with my android virtual devices. they crashed &amp; had to be force closed. seems a few of them were running in the bground...
omg! i just now realized why my lappy was heating up like a furnace...
my thought process, instead of &quot;oh! map is a hash! oh! dictionary is a hash too!&quot;, is &quot;oh! map is a dictionary!&quot;. i learnt python b4 c++ stl
what happened?
if u post that u'd need just one mark to pass, a sadist teacher would 'like' it, while a nice teacher would +1 it. #googleplusvsfb #mokka
googleplusvsfb
mokka
oh. i don't think the it'll get released officially before aug 30. that's when my project officially ends.
dei! the wordpress app has been in the market for a loooong time. i am working on it to 'improve' it...
Manmohan Singh laughs out loud at Ranbir Kapoor&#8217;s DoCoMo joke: http://t.co/yoUBap8
wait. Google! U r supposed to inform me when I get access to Google+!! Not wait for me to find out on my own...
I still can't figure out where my code exceeds the time limit!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh....... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!! TLE!
i'd dump facebook for google plus any day! now, if only someone would send me an invite...
gave off 2 of my shirts which i had outgrown, to my maid servant for her son. been quite some time since i last did that. feels good. :)
when u feel bad for having committed a mistake but dunno whom to apologize to, append #sorryshaktiman to ur tweet... :P
sorryshaktiman
omg! a c++ program has been waiting for input in my terminal, since morning. noticed only now. #sorryshaktiman
sorryshaktiman
I think it is during the evening only. Anyway, not adyar. Mandaveli today.
grand sweets dhonnai! \m/
must be due to that coldact that i refused to take but was finally forced to...
waking up after nearly 14 hours of sleep...
century only now. :( but better late than never...
darn headache!!
If life provided me an auto-complete option, i'll tab my way through final year of college...
oh. hostel fees by 20th july is it? I was worried that it might be 20th june or something like that...
I have no idea about date. I remember seeing some notice in hostel about payment of fees. What was that about?
when should we pay college fees? Is the date over or something? I remember seeing some notice...
ppl start thinking only when they shed their ego...
whatay sleep that was!
what's worse than lazy noobs? conceited lazy noobs!!
TIL what the DRY priniciple is...
hai! nice new youtube... :)
write code - check. write report - check. commit code - not authorized to commit!! u kidding me??
report submitted! can go to sleep peacefully now... :)
just realized something. u'd have to enable the snapshot feature while creating the avd...
hic... i must somehow stop these hiccups. hic...
linux
oh. i use only froyo... never knew abt gingerbread...
best to use the avd manager as u r doing. when u create one, and click &quot;Start...&quot;, u'lll see the options. saw in some blog.
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: http://t.co/qiUlKVy
googling about this problem would help u better...
have u heard abt sukumar prasad? he used to play carnatic music on guitar. no news of him for years. trying to find him...
it'll take time to close too. the next time when u launch the avd, remove the save to snapshot option as it is set the 1st time
it is usually slow the first time. b4 starting the avd, set the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Launch from snapshot&quot; in avd manager
...and i hate eclipse too...
i HATE my AVD's...
there is more to this code than that meets the eye...
had a gut feeling that it will rain today. so it does! awesome!
argh! everything is so complicated!! life is full of dilemmas...
a mistake that i keep repeating is that i give preference to clean, reusable code even when time is running out.
lol. mishra seems to be the highest scorer after dravid in this innings. well played.
dravid top-edges bishoo to give mid-on a simple catch. that's the end of a v fine century and the indian innings...
dravid six!! u don't see that v often...
nice innings from mishra. sharma on strike now.
ouch! sammy tempts mishra with a loose delivery outside off. mishra simply cuts it, only for third man to collect the catch easily.
Facebook Connect Updated | Codechef: http://blog.codechef.com/2011/06/23/facebook-connect-updated/
and just when i was thinking that rampaul wasn't leaking runs, mishra hits him for 2 consecutive audacious fours!
50 run partnership between dravid and mishra now!
i just love ravi rampaul's bowling! makes the batsman earn every run...
yay!! dravid century!! awkward shot but still an awesome innings...
dravid nudges the last ball of the over to third-man to take a single. moves on to 99.
with a leg glance to mid-on, dravid takes a single to move on to 98 now...
dravid on 97 now...
why would i want to sleep during the night when an india test series gives me company?
wow!!
even my parents find the weather here in Chennai to be horrible. and by that, I mean that I am not fussing.
ah. it is v cool and pleasant in Chennai during night time... WITH THOSE AC's SWITCHED ON, OF COURSE!!!
oops! was referring to a wrong file now. names of files should differ by more than just one character...
i feel that dark themes appeal more to me than the light ones...
after a few weeks, i think i can say that fedora 15 with gnome 3 is worse than ubuntu 11.04 with unity...
that was one long nap! don't even remember at what time I dozed off b4 the comp...
what is the quickest way to invoke nautilus? i think Alt+F2-&amp;gt;.-&amp;gt;Enter
one koshtin. was symbian really bad?
feeling really comfortable about twitter only now . cos of twidge...
I am using twidge to tweet about it! lol. https://github.com/jgoerzen/twidge/wiki nice.
system slows down drastically while running firefox 5 on ubuntu...
no auto-complete in firefox 5 too! disappointed...
netbooks are just perfect! but mom doesn't allow me to install ubuntu in hers... :P
then go for a netbook! simple. :P
lol. according to me, laptops can't be replaced b4 2020.
ah! voice! the form of input i dislike the most. i'd look like a chatterbox while tweeting, won't be able to do personal stuff, etc
its difficult to hold tablets and type at full speed at the same time... it might not be as convenient as laptops.
i wouldn't want to use a desktop while sitting on the bed, sofa or anywhere outdoors. that's why laptops originated, right?
so, if tablets are going to be docked and worked with, using a manual keyboard, i'll still call it a laptop.
nothing beats the convenience of a manual keyboard and a screen which u don't have to hold, for long usage.
i thought u meant bigger size for convenient usage...
what is the difference between an oversized mobile phone that shrinks and a normal mobile phone?
what?? u say there'll be oversized mobile phones and they'll shrink. we already have them!
will an oversized mobile phone even fit in our pockets?/
by 2020?
lol. I am already on it for a long time. In fact, even my parents use dropbox...
why suddenly now? isn't Dropbox old and famous?
can i know how u built it? there isn't any for chrome yet.
usb consumes less power. power consumption for phone 2g&amp;lt;3g&amp;lt;wifi&amp;lt;wifi hotspot, i think.
sad fact is, it doesn't matter much, even if i do get hit by a bus... :P
stupid me. i have all along connected my android phone to comp thru usb to use the internet. just realized the portable hotspot feature now.
wow! just now realized that the spoj rank tracker on firefox was done by you!
TIL I learnt what Bus Factor is...
going through my project history on its blog now...
Kasab offers to share the menu card for long term jail inmates, with kanimozhi... #fakenews
fakenews
Awesome 3g speeds all of a sudden!
most of ur followers seem to be bots or unknown ppl, y r u even tweeting?? aale illaadhe kadaikku tea aatharaiya? :P
my bro is still a twitter noob. i think i'll troll him... :P
celebrating special days like father's day isn't about showing ur love on that day. it is to remind how u have to be always...
every day when I wake up, I search online news for the official release of gingerbread for my samsung galaxy ace...
which phone?
the ind vs eng test series promises to be awesome!
ian bell has always been underrated... awesome series for him!
rm -rf /* ?
my bro's on twitter finally. he registered long back but never tweeted. irony is, his name is his twitter handle: @adithya
AOL Hell: An AOL Content Slave Speaks Out &#171; News http://t.co/MxlXJcE via @thefastertimes
good morning tweeps! that was one hectic week. hoping to have a nice weekend...
i sure have earned my weekend this time!!
very difficult to code when mood out...
its split into 500, 2250 and 2250. 500 now.
yikes! seems citi accounts are being hacked and some gsoc students have lost their money! thankfully, i still have mine! headin to atm now!!
http://yfrog.com/kjf8pkj windows... the real world is beyond.
I think i'll try my hands on photography soon...
my first purchase on flipkart...
which version? what's the problem?
Like the tweetdeck post widget on my home screen...
yeah. fb groups r awesome. I meant that fb apps hv a huge impact. not huge hit.
I get silly stuff on my news feed from some of them. need to go block them. they think everyone is so eager to knw wt they're upto
buzz includes gmail contacts. fb provides apps. and tht is a HUGE thing. but on fb, wtvr I post goes to ALL my friends n relatives
interesting stuff like videos and links. I want to find old friends n mantain contact. Not follow whatever they're upto.
Posting what u r upto right now,on fb feels like bragging,to me. I wud've followed u on twitter,if I hd been remotely interested in all tat
Why does tweetdeck show user details only in portrait view?
personally would like chrome browser to replace the android default browser on phones
i feel that the biggest competitor to chrome os or chrome browser on phones will be google itself, through android
I dunno which looks better: ubuntu 11.04 with macbuntu theme, fedora 15 with gnome 3, windows 7 or the chromium os i'm using right now...
nope
why don't u have a proper twitter dp yet?
don't ever to do a &quot;note to self&quot; on twitter. do a instead.
upgraded chrome to 12.0.742.100. hopefully i can play flash videos better now.
i have ALWAYS felt that chrome is better than firefox. i meant that shifting to firefox from chrome is almost impossible for me.
i will think of permanently switching over to firefox only if the address bar autocompletes what i'm typing.
lol. now it seems unfair, is it? http://t.co/SdiJnS3
no da. i really meant it. heading over to stackoverflow.com...
post ur queries at http://t.co/yyIRXXV :P
On a more serious note, I better get back to work.
Come on twitter! Give me more useless information for me waste time on.
feel like puking at windows start menu search. not working for months and no easy solution to it.
my twitter password has been changed to ******** (its hashed. so my original password might not have the same number of letters.) :P
yep. http://t.co/Q2Zndei
lol. what happened after that?
really wish that the next version of firefox autocompleted my url just like chrome...
why didn't headlines today do an extensive coverage about the issue before he died? plz take it up atleast now.
just a few more seconds for kate to get installed on windows...
what's their reason?
does searching on wikipedia help?
framework in what sense?
expected more from safari. not up to the mark...
this worked. http://t.co/kzhXIw0 just modified the solution in the first reply and it worked without a hitch.
recovered my Windows 7 at last, after a partial night-out!! Yay!! Triple booting Ubuntu 11.04, Fedora 15 and Windows 7 now!
Congrats!!
those guys are straining themselves to dig the road. they just don't realize that pouring something equivalent to rainwater will do the job.
http://yfrog.com/kf1lkaj suspicious looking men digging up the road in the middle of the night, outside my home. traffic sign put up though
i know it has awesome specs but not an absolute must for coll goers like us. there'll be somethin btr when we start working.
of course, i meant that galaxy ace is awesome enough for me in my previous tweet...
galaxy s2 seems worth it only if u have a deep pocket. it is almost double the price of my galaxy ace which is awesome enough for me.
thanks anyway. i have been without windows for quite a few months. would be prefer a completely risk-free approach to recover.
yes. but no official upgrades for it in india yet. http://t.co/6Kz3VEy
have kinda heard abt it. of course, i replaced fedora's grub to ubuntu's grub2.
u got an iphone or are u in a showroom? how is the native twitter app?
i have no idea! :P i never spent time understanding what all that meant. just wanted to have the latest distro! :P
Why I love and hate having a smartphone - The Oatmeal http://t.co/cJNlrTW via @Oatmeal
lol. &quot;might&quot;? that makes me a bit scared to try...
Help required. How do I recover Windows 7 after Ubuntu and Fedora install? Exact problem here: http://t.co/uDyU6TF
go outside and close the door. :P :D
is this the end of scheduled powercuts?
i have started loving my project much much more, all of a sudden!! dunno why exactly though...
i rarely use torrents...
Setting up Kate snippets http://wp.me/pP4hy-2B
i think it means playing only for pride. there is not much else to win, once the series is lost.
am all set for a heavy nap this afternoon. slept late, woke up early. perfect.
awesome profile pic!
have u tried freecharge.in? i think its good. works fine for me everytime.
searching for &quot;macbuntu 11.04&quot; on google shows my blog as the 3rd option and searching for &quot;macbuntu on ubuntu 11.04&quot; shows it as the first!
I'm at Anna Centenary Library (Kotturpuram, Chennai) http://4sq.com/ljWKEL
exactly!
? so?
where old woodlands drive-in was. near gemini flyover. parents say it is near stella maries coll.
yep
Semmozhi poonga is okay... Not awesome or anything.
aaathaaaa!! naa pass aaaayiten!!!
lol. jus saw the account. Ippo enna panna pora?
I shifted to chrome the next day. :P Echofon is the best for ff. Love the side pane option.
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 3 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2p
wanted to watch Alice in Wonderland since a long time back. found it in bro's lappy today. sweet.
lol. no. its going to be Alice in Wonderland...
mood out. need something to distract myself...
exactly...
learning to play the guitar with the help of today's google doodle is the in-thing now...
after 3 days of breaking my head over a bug, i show my code to my mentor. he points it out in a few seconds...
pains with/without glasses. finding it difficult to adjust to it.
please headache.leave me alone,
sick or slick?
Maaveeran in tamil...
it hurts whatever power u have. u must be knowing that. been without glasses for almost a week now. strain.
Power back after 310 minutes...
4 hours 15 minutes now. Even college was better...
Alwarpet.
3 hours and 15 minutes without power now...
2 hours and 15 minutes. still no signs of power coming back...
maybe a leg count of 44,000
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 2 http://wp.me/pP4hy-2g
enough blogging for the day. planning to come up with more tomorrow. till then, good night tweeps.
Still don't believe me? http://wp.me/pP4hy-2f
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 1 http://wp.me/pP4hy-26
I remember the first time I came upon svn. I couldn't figure out what exactly it was, for quite a few days... :P
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 0: http://wp.me/pP4hy-24
ya. -0.5 in left eye. headache for the past few days...
gotta wear glasses from tomorrow... :(
Macbuntu in Ubuntu 11.04 http://wp.me/pP4hy-1V
is my excessive sleeping due to my current eye prob or has it become a habit or is it just laziness? can any of my medical friends clarify?
it used to be one hour earlier...
gah! that 2 hour powercut was irritating!
one more #kde application that I love: Basket!!
kde
back on twitter. nothing can stop me now.
Sad that almost everyone seems to support either one of the two sides, both without any credibility. #babavscong
babavscong
I don't trust any baba or godman.
Manmohan Singh needs a magic wand. U r not a street magician. U r the pm. Shows that u yourself r either inept or corrupt. Disgusting!
Tiwary evades the questions posed to him and runs away...
Dei, tiwary, answer those qsns by Jethmalani now!
and the week starts... #mondaymorningblues
mondaymorningblues
listening to music after so many days!
chennai's weather is no different from trichy's. :(
&quot;trust-me-jayabalan&quot; or &quot;trust me, jayabalan&quot; ? :P
what happened to me??
Some kids from US are so well behaved. But most are not. #sad #fact
sad
fact
So, do I have any more of these ill-mannered brat-from-US relatives?
Just got to know that Ganesh and Kumaresh are distance relatives of mine. :-)
sitting in a random park in bangalore and working on lappy. awesome weather too...
games!! Heavy games!!
Damn! I think must wear glasses now! :(
Ouch! Came to bangalore for a marriage. it seems the bride's dad passed away yday n marriage postponed!
so, did u actually send ur 1000th tweet to me?? :P ;)
that was development da. this is programming...
ouch! so out of touch that i am struggling to solve programming problems now... :(
Dunno whether to laugh or cry - &quot;Chinese teen sells his kidney for an iPad 2 - Telegraph http://t.co/UbFgrH3 &quot;
Government releases official yoga position to remove corruption: http://t.co/exQJfyP
Why Facebook is Scared of Twitter - http://t.co/37n6bbP
hurray! my code works properly now!!
I still can't believe that some ppl still trust this govt!! minister-steals-a-telephone-exchange-loots-bsnl: http://t.co/h6jnVhy
Oracle 'donates' OpenOffice.org to Apache foundation | ZDNet UK http://t.co/vQbWdzS
my first-ever screencast! :P http://youtu.be/WiA0CGh2UkE
can u make the Twitter id in the website linked to the twitter account and clickable?
dei, dk. when u r putting up a link, don't put a full stop immediately after it. twitter recognizes it as a part of that link!
not exactly. i made it a point to change my twitter background everyday. that's all.
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;After the Rain&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
ouch! installed some random twitter background only to realize that, that site had spammed my twitter timeline too...
i live in alwarpet and it is raining here
and the rain starts! perfect weather.
woke up just now. looked up at the sky to find it absolutely dark at 4.30pm!!
Heavy lunch, warm weather, power cut, pleasant music... zzzzz...
yay! life is so much simpler now. i can code what i intended to do, now... #android
android
ah. now i realize that there is a compatibility library for older api versions, to implement fragments...
so badly want fragments and action bar to be back-ported to at least api level 8! would be so much easier to code then... #android
android
cool. jayalalitha saw me now. she must be privileged... :P
i am being plagued by something like this... https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/compiz/+bug/778490
:D RT: @Aarthi_2410: toxic dose of ur thathuvam. Am already hyperventilating :-D
not yet. all the way, flags, banners and posters standing...
think tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha would be passing through the road, where my home is, today...
when u have an opportunity to do a good deed, do it. one of them might go a long way... #thathuvam
thathuvam
good morning tweeps. this is a fine morning...
ah! very tired now. gonna sleep early and wake up early. new habit from now on.
goodbye bad habits!
had a wonderful time with every1 during grandma's 80th birthday celebration!
Grandma's 80th bday celebration! (@ Matsya Restaurant) http://4sq.com/ipH10Y
I will RT this now. :P
Grandma's 80th star bday today. Returning home from kapaleeshwarar temple now.
yes. it did. :-)
Booked tatkal tickets with my #android thru #opera with #3g. #win
android
opera
3g
win
http://yfrog.com/h0ls0dnj My new tshirt from :-)
Linus Renames 2.6.40 Kernel To Linux 3.0, Announces Release Candidate http://t.co/KOIPigt
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Garden Wallpaper&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
yay! got my first t-shirt from now! looks great!
#ubuntu11.04 - #chrome.  #fedora15 - #firefox. #android - #opera.
ubuntu11
chrome
fedora15
firefox
android
opera
#opera on android is super awesome!
opera
went on a #firefox add-on download spree! sooo many add-ons now! yay!
firefox
of course, its obvious what it is. but why the underscore?
leaning towards #firefox more than #chrome now...
firefox
chrome
RT dai y did u change ur name??
ROFL! SO TRUE!! RT: @krishashok: Back after a break. Late night snack #tambrahmrage http://bit.ly/jP9K48 by and @krishashok
tambrahmrage
Good morning tweeps.
there! it crashed again!!
u kidding? my 11.04 keeps crashing at least 5 times in a day!! dunno y.
damn! #ubuntu! stop crashing!!
ubuntu
just had a epiphany! time to set my priorities right...
think i solved my problem of forgettin #topcoder #srm's. setup #google calendar to remind me thru emails, popups and #android notifications.
topcoder
srm
google
android
how abt applying for indian citizenship? :P ;)
Back home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Home) http://4sq.com/l2YweE
I just became the mayor of Anirudh's Home on @foursquare! http://4sq.com/jeoQbu
introducing my mom to #dropbox now. :-)
dropbox
At Grandparents' Home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Grandparents' Home) http://4sq.com/keBSg6
RT @lut4rp:  I'm not &quot;on&quot; twitter. It's asynchronous. If I get a notification and the message needs a reply, I will.
the more i use twitter, the less i use facebook...
#NowPlaying Shri Maha Ganapathe by Balaji Shankar - Abhogi Raagam - Kanda Chapu Thaalam
NowPlaying
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Moonlit Meadow&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
this is more complex than i thought...
accidental power nap! :P
no dhoni for WI tour...
i always seemed to like #firefox #addons more than #chrome #extensions. the way chrome displays its extensions doesn't appeal to me...
firefox
addons
chrome
extensions
time for an haircut...
good morning tweeps! feels great to have parents back at home!!
yeah! but i keep missing almost every srm!
HATE MYSELF!! missed registering for today's #topcoder #srm today too! was watching csk bash rbc around...
topcoder
srm
any luck with ur phone? tried &quot;Wheres My Droid&quot; ?
lol. I don't think I've ever recorded a video from this phone. Never thought about it. :-P
galaxy ace s5830. Really good.
my first salary is still sleeping in my gsoc atm withdrawal card. badly want to get something BIG for my parents with my first salary...
not everyone does.
u there at #rubyconfindia?
rubyconfindia
what about Settings-&amp;gt;About phone ?
some lady complaining on a news channel that gold prices are too high for middle class ppl like her. y buy gold then?? #showoff
showoff
lol! Ha ha!
Wow! mobile.twitter.com is awesome!
meant that too under editor... :P RT: @batusaix911: or like an IDE :D
life is like a text editor. u may not like what u have, but u can always customize it to be the way u like it... #thathuvam
thathuvam
this article might convince you. http://www.androidtapp.com/wheres-my-android/
i think the default text msg is &#8220;Wheres my Droid&#8221;. u might want to be there in the location before msging.
of course, i mean installing through web. http://bit.ly/jElUjm
i am trying to say that u can install it now too, through the android market. u wouldn't have to confirm at the other end...
I'm one of the first in line for the &quot;One Page Twitter Dashboard&quot; from #TwitSprout. Join me  http://t.co/GgTLq6j via @TwitSprout
TwitSprout
seems that #mci delhi is heading towards the same scenario as that of mci chennai. good start, then becoming absolutely boring...
mci
y don't u check?
i just followed 4 guys who were tweeting about #mci delhi. my timeline is full of their tweets now... :P
mci
just when i was thinking whether my eyes were tricking me into believing that the twitter details pane was thinner... http://tnw.co/jWI2U6
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.alienmanfc6.wheresmyandroid
u can install Where is my Droid through the market place onto your phone and make it ring...
no kung fu panda tickets available in satyam for tomorrow. inox website not working properly...
i can't believe that is following me on twitter!! feel so honored...
when u r not hungry but still want to munch on something, don't go for junk food. try munching green bean sprouts instead. #healthytweets
healthytweets
lol. he won't read my tweets da. don't worry. :P
The Da Vinci Code was running on Sony Pix now. The poor direction reminded me of Sachin's poor captaincy in yday's match...
no da. am trying out new themes daily. tweeting abt them so that my followers can try them out too...
i completely forgot that i have an extra white panel for my mobile! i think i will try it out now...
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Rectangles&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps. have a great saturday!
yeah. remastered ubuntu. http://www.oslike.se/
googling about macbuntu might help. most of those sites have screenshots...
yes, it did! sadly macbuntu doesn't seem to available for ubuntu 11.04 yet. i think those guys are making it a fork of ubuntu.
and of course, for the mac experience, i was using macbuntu on my ubuntu 10.10 for a few months... :P
btw, i haven't attempted recovering Windows in my lappy. Windows7 doesn't figure in my bootloader. not interested in it either.
lol. I downloaded Chromium OS a few months back and installed it on my pendrive and tried it. :P don't use it much though...
no no. I had Eclipse in Fedora 14. Now have it in Ubuntu 11.04. overwrote Fedora 14 with 15. So, downloading Eclipse for 15...
i think i'll just download eclipse and android sdk in fedora 15 too, to be safe. will be my download for the night...
i think i'll be done with my work by tomorrow morning. gonna sleep now. gotta wake up early tomorrow.
#guake looks very nice in #fedora 15...
guake
fedora
@dorait: any tech meetups this weekend in chennai? been a long time since I attended any. dunno where exactly to find...
did u have a look at samsung galaxy ace s5830? i think it is pretty good. ~15k. worth every penny.
good night. :)
i think u were waiting for such an opportunity to tweet about, throughout the tournament! :P
has firefox plugin-finder service EVER found adobe flash plugin? i think not. #firefox4
firefox4
why are the firefox guys so keen on maintaining space for the title bar? would like it be how it is, in chrome. #firefox4
firefox4
browser is where twitter is... #echofon #firefox4
echofon
firefox4
sadly twitter.com is crashing even in chromium... #fedora15
fedora15
although i might want csk to face mi, i think rcb deserves to get into the finals, more... #ipl
ipl
frankly saying, MI must produce such a performance today, to make the world believe that it deserves to get into the finals. #ipl
ipl
sometimes, major decisions in life might be based just on small reasons... #thathuvam. like changing browsers, for example...
thathuvam
gnome3 might not be perfect, but #fedora did the right thing by moving to gnome3 if they wanted to stand upto ubuntu and compete. good job!
fedora
#gnome3 looks good. but cannot say that it is very customizable...
gnome3
that's strange! twitter.com keeps crashing in chrome fedora 15...
ani who? me?? i dont even have windows on my system since february!
100th century at Lords would be the best!!
lol. no right click almost everywhere!! #gnome3 #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
typical. firefox occupies more screen space than necessary in #gnome3. #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
fedora 15 is good. i like it. :)
tweeting from fedora 15 &quot;Lovelock&quot; live cd. gnome 3... i think i'll take it.
downloaded #fedora 15 once again! hope it works properly this time...
fedora
some #kde programs that #gnome might never be able to beat: kate, yakuake and k3b.
kde
gnome
the Jura mountains in Switzerland.
#lessinterestingbooks Bored Ultimatum
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks Harry Potter and the Bengal Prince
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks  Harry Potter and the Prisoners of Tihar
lessinterestingbooks
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Daytime Daffodil&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from http://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps!
I earned the Lone Wolf sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/kyC9ft
proteinex is the best!
RT Awesome free ebook of startup wisdom from Hiten Shah, Noah Kagan, Patrick McKenzie and others http://bit.ly/MicroConf2
Anirudh S looted a cool item at http://t.co/Y7Vo6bE 0 ago
wow! that sure would be superb!
lol. my coll's curriculum is pathetic! the teaching is worse... just passion to write code drives us forward...
sure. right now or long term? i study at nit trichy. 3rd year btech comp sci. right now working on the app... :P
yeah. working on the existing android app of wordpress...
AAAAND... ITS MY 1000TH TWEET!! 4 figures. ;) &quot;dedicate&quot; it to my amma - - the best mom in the whole world!!
some stats: 50% download of fedora 15 over. today is my mom's star bday. this is my 999th tweet. ;)
kinda yes. dunno what to plan...
dunno. parents wouldn't be at home...
would like a tweeple meetup at chennai. would be fun! any1 up for it?
thanks da. :)
the starter kit contains a pen, some documents to be read, a cute notebook and the prepaid card... #gsoc
gsoc
yay! got my google summer of code starter kit now ! :-)
wait. when did fedora 15 stable get released? @kadithya: u know?
klout is cool. i like it. @klout
just had tomato soup made my grandma! was awesome! perfect for this weather...
very cloudy here. might rain later in the day... :)
wow! awesome weather at chennai today!
good morning tweeps. will be working the whole day today...
timeline problem - Twitter Status http://t.co/tbMoSRo via @twitter
still not able to recover my timeline... what is going on??
what just happened? my timeline disappeared! #twitter
twitter
want a a csk vs mi finals this year too. after all, noone would mind losing to SRT. of course, i'd expect csk to win! #ipl #csk #whistlepodu
ipl
csk
whistlepodu
why would ravi shastri have to carry his personal computer along with him to tweet? he can always tweet from his mobile. #ipl
ipl
why should I implement a GridView? I can as well implement nested Linear Layouts if i know how many elements i'm using...  #android
android
whattacatch! #whattaman #srt
whattaman
srt
just received 2 coupons for discount of 100Rs on Inkfruit t-shirts, through freecharge. can i use both coupons on the same tshirt?
omg. just now woke up after a loooooong sleep.
ok
cycling in the evening. will check availability of movie tickets.
ya. some1 online.
hard-fought draw! feels great after being on the brink of losing...
must be greater in size or space than what's allowed...
y don't u have a proper twitter dp?
if u already haven't bought an inkfruit tee #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
if u r gonna tweet just to win free t-shirts #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
in my college, comp sci subjects are taught better in other depts like EEE and ICE. sad. and would agree...
neatly explained solution for second shortest path. http://bit.ly/mIJXwk
wow! linux using javascript! http://bellard.org/jslinux/
feel like going through topcoder algorithm tutorials now...
and how is it that i have never come upon this? it is just awesome!  http://oeis.org/
this is good. http://jlongster.com/s/dom3d/ lags a bit in my browser though...
&quot;The distance between two points on a sphere will be proportional to the chord connecting them.&quot; hmmm...
http://groups.google.com/group/algogeeks is the link. u can join the group if u r interested. (a li'l spammy though)
solution didn't exceed expectations. typical O(log n) solution only. but one nice obsvn. not considering leading zeros. so n always odd...
reading a discussion on finding whether the binary representation of a number is a palindrome or not...
ubuntu mouse pointer lag hurts... painful to see it move across slowly...
so, i guess i'll go read those mails for the next one hour... #algogeeks
algogeeks
abt 550 mails in my mailbox under the label algogeeks. been filtering and storing them for a long time without reading them properly...
is planning to go on a tweet spree soon. mobile followers, if any, please be warned...
nothing motivates me better than failure! let the coding begin...
damn! so close to submitting solution to 500 problem! #topcoder
topcoder
&quot;error: declaration of &#128;&#152;std::vector&amp;lt;coin&amp;gt; coins&#128;&#153; shadows a parameter&quot; - very helpful. thank u! #sarcasm
sarcasm
when was the last time i saw dawn??
there! this is my twitter theme for the day.
I just rated 9 Superhero Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/kEVgGy
am thinking of getting myself a t-shirt from seems good...
feel good to wake up early! especially this early!!
it feels funny when u sleep for long and wake up at the time when u usually go to sleep daily...
32 degrees C. chennai alwarpet.
some guy in my timeline retweeted stuff from microsoft about windows phone and all that... immediately unfollowed him.
lol. i AM planning to... :P
wow! that was awesome! my new cycle is very comfortable, i must say! exceeded my expectations. full 10 out of 10!
time to go cycling! :-)
almost dozed while watching tv... i dont even remember what i was watching... back to work.
RT @cricinfo_news: Anand Ramachandran on the awesomeness of Chris Gayle | Page 2 | ESPN Cricinfo http://t.co/hDMJorf
interested in learning magic tricks? watch Indrajit Murali in sri sankara channel at 1pm on weekdays. he's really good...
i'd say zaheer khan instead of bollinger or praveen kumar...
gotta resume working now...
yay! connected to the internet thru ubuntu!!
my ubuntu not connecting to my wireless connection even after multiple restarts. dunno why...
y isnt my internet connection working???
want to put the netbook at home to good use. any suggestions?
changed my twitter background after a looong time. feels fresh and different now. must remember to do it often...
to sleep or not to sleep? irritated that code isn't working. not sleepy either...
very misleadingly titled article...
Rahul Gandhi
i think u look the same even now! (tat foto)
dhoni can't do anything wrong today! de villiers goes... #ipl #csk
ipl
csk
peanut butter
t-shirt or shirt?
Get free coupons with every mobile recharge http://t.co/y7HgnEJ via @freechargein
dmk complains that Rebecca Black was responsible for their 2nd successive horrible friday. makes &quot;tgif&quot; taboo within party.
yeah! me too.
if they had been THAT brave enough, they would have surrendered on their own...
i dedicate my 900th tweet to @simulation! he's my dad and he's fun to follow on twitter...
now plz shut that stupid channel down...
news channels...
for all those who pronounce kanimozhi as kanimoli or kanimoyi, this is the way to do it. http://vocaroo.com/?media=vmXAMIUIrhbl6CGWr
i think i might move over permanently from vlc to banshee for music...
Support #Android, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/3c9veB - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
Android
twibbon
Support #WordPress, add a #twibbon now! - http://twb.ly/6HK8am - Create one here - http://twb.ly/f02AU3
WordPress
twibbon
I earned the Check-in Rookie sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/llWuUm
I just rated 12 Animation Movies using How many can you rate? http://bit.ly/j5eVSr
i dont think i'll have a use for fedora anymore... installed eclipse, adt plugin and other necessary stuff in ubuntu 11.04...
I earned the Addon Adhesive sticker on @GetGlue! http://bit.ly/mkJWL2
tweetdeck, where's my droid, barcode scanner and maybe gmote too...
u can try chromed bird for tweeting. it has an url shortener within it too...
Sir, if you can click the reply button every time u reply to someone's tweet, we wud know in what context, ur tweet is in. Thanks.
A letter to Rahul Vinci (&quot;Rahul Gandhi&quot;) https://www.facebook.com/topic.php?uid=111552515531825&amp;topic=924
thank you @twitvim!! this is really awesome!
I can now tweet from vim!! Awesome!
anirudh24seven
do u mean gilly and marsh?
of course!! :)
we can get our phones upgraded from Froyo to Gingerbread. i.e. Android 2.2 to Android 2.3
of course, it'll happen only later for India...
Did u hear the news? Gingerbread Promised for Galaxy Devices by End of May http://bit.ly/m1oCOF
decided that i'll sleep throughout the morning and afternoon on weekdays and do a night-out daily. can't stand the summer heat...
for every arbit tweet that i see, i am unfollowing that person. feels good to keep my timeline clean...
yeah. saw those &quot;scenarios&quot; article on cricinfo? they haven't updated it after yday's match though...
oops! lol. yeah... even i want bangalore to lose...
he knows that no total can be small enough for gayle. smart playing... #gilly
gilly
planning to install a lot of chrome extensions...
oh. 21st of this month? will check the invitation for the exact location now. am coming...
how abt http://theme.wordpress.com/themes/clean-home/ ?
my work is related to d UI. existing app has an old style interface which is not v intuitive. trying to make it more easy to use
if u r usin twitter through twitter.com, u'll usually see &quot;# new tweets received&quot; which u'd have to click. this eliminates tat
modifying the existing wordpress android app...
cool. :)
Auto refresh twitter - Chrome Extension. u ppl might like it. http://bit.ly/eKMPnG
wow! @HowStuffWorks's android app is awesome!
9-5? which day of the week? i'm having daily power cut from 11 to 11.45...
Mini idly and masal dosai at grand sweets. :) (@ Grand Sweets) http://4sq.com/kgN4D4
maybe its an Apple-sponsored attack to make the masses believe that iPhone is indeed popular... #facebook #spam
facebook
spam
will unfollowing constitute fair play?
i judged a book by its cover and i turned out to be right ! :P
what a wonderful morning! forced myself to wake up. am all eager to visit the koturpuram library today... have a great day tweeple!
of course! very true...
they are responsible for powercuts, water shortages and bad roads. it affects everyone. that's why we vote...
now, the question is, &quot;who will become the opposition leader?&quot; gabdun or mk ?? #tnelections
tnelections
Facebook admits hiring PR firm to smear Google http://t.co/yn44TPh via @engadget
http://brooksreview.net/2011/05/ballmer/ Can anyone challenge these views?
BREAKING NEWS: Mother's day celebrated again in TN, 5 days after original Mother's day! #amma #tnelections
amma
tnelections
both the major parties promised freebies... and one is leading. is it still a snub? i think ppl still want freebies...
which constituency? mylapore?
depends on how many seats his party manages to win... :P
do u know abt mylapore? how can i find out?
lol. http://gabeswebsite.com/images/funny/wrestle.gif
not so disappointed though. got the 500 right. whew! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
read the qsn wrong for 250. thought that final configuration was given n was asked to calculate the initial config. #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
me! me! me too!RT @ashwinjagadeesh: Anyone else feeling ashamed to say rahul gandhi an indian?
gaaaah!! made a mistake in my solution! damn!! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
intermission phase now... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
if it is c++, then i think http://cplusplus.com/reference/stl/ can help u a lot...
why's that?
lol. only 15 submissions for the 1000 pt problem so far... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
i HATE youtube!!
u seem to be in a good mood. guess what i had for dinner now. :D (u'll surely love it if u try it!)
why is  http://developer.android.com/videos/index.html down? shows a 404: Not Found error!
wow!! i was just searching for the same thing!! thanks!
wikipedia did say thru twitter that there might be some problems, right?
i was all excited about google music beta and requested an invitation! only to find that the service was available only in the US... :'-(
Want to watch the keynote speech by live streaming. But leaving for a movie now. :-( #io2011
io2011
never realized that if u enclose text with * in gchat, it appears in bold. for example, *hello* will make hello appear as bold... #gchat
gchat
haha. i &quot;dedicate&quot; my 800th tweet to you with this reply!!
oh. never realized that i am already close to 800 tweets... this is easy :P
there can't be a new TR-rage... cos he's already T 'RAGE'ndar...
i think i am so getting used to working from home... :P hope that the habit doesn't continue when i get a job...
#chatzilla is my favorite irc client...  the only reason i have got firefox running on my comp, actually...
chatzilla
bad luck. my q&amp;a session with the #wordpress community has been scheduled to 10.30pm today. wud be in satyam watching Ko with family. #gsoc
wordpress
gsoc
yuvraj with ganguly now... :)
videos are always an awesome way to learn stuff.
wonders why gtug chennai doesn't have a twitter account yet...
when hasn't Microsoft tried that?
ganguly's strike rate is 0, right now... #ipl4
ipl4
want to follow all google sites on twitter? here is the link... http://www.google.com/intl/en/press/twitter-directory.html
rightly said! :)
wish twitter provided some badges... or wait! is twitter awesome because it doesn't do all that??
my thoughts exactly !! :P
machi. just noticed that you have more followers than following!! #celebrity da nee! @Satish_NR
celebrity
i think i might reach 800 tweets by today...
thanks! :)
myself, sriram, sagar sumit and nivash went through a few rounds but didn't get it. not sure about nivash...
feels that most of my college mates cannot stop bragging about their internships on facebook... grow up ppl! what say ?
Lunch over. Was good. :-)
for that he should try. We shouldn't try... :P
lol. No no. the talks on #android apps r usually awesome... #io2011
android
io2011
everyone is capable of everything. What we do determines who we are... #thathuvam
thathuvam
acquisition of skype by microsoft confirmed... :(
gotta have lunch now. will maybe tweet from my mobile then... :P
wish that the Action Bar widget was available for #android versions &amp;lt; 3.0 too...
android
the more you learn, the more you can think and come up with better ideas... #knowledge #thathuvam
knowledge
thathuvam
i haven't downloaded google chrome 11 on my fedora yet, just because i don't like the logo... :P
nice to see that you are still concerned about the indian education system. i gave up long ago...
and while you are it, you can check out the actual #io2011 website too... http://www.google.com/events/io/2011/ #google #awesome
io2011
google
awesome
going for 'ko' nightshow at satyam today... #ko
ko
what if i can't go to #io2011 ? i'll live stream it or look at it online later... :)
io2011
wonder why gmail every time seemingly seems to be loading something for a loooong time while nothing is actually loaded... #gmail
gmail
love the android app for google i/o 2011... looks awesome! http://bit.ly/knyOMt check out the screenshots! #io2011
io2011
i think i shall start tweeting...
lol at @RajivMakhni's remark that its sad tat mobile manufacturers haven't yet come up with a phone for ppl who can't use one of their hands
can u summarize what is different in this year's contest from last year? i want to know before i get into it...
u r a chennaiite if u r tweeting about #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
if u can't finish ur dinner at a restaurant, ask the waiter to 'pack' it... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
anyone living in sowcarpet is a settu... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
always quote half of ur intended price to auto drivers. they are sure to double it. #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
ah! that feeling of satisfaction when ur mom hands u cold coffee at home... #priceless
priceless
To kapaleeshwarar temple now, with family. :-)
i want an awesome reminder app for android. free app, of course. any suggestions?
it is just awesome!! my default twitter client on mobile. extremely user-friendly! #tweetdeck
tweetdeck
it would. one might never know when he'd be armed again and destroy countless lives again...
sleeeeepy... want to replace my broken ubuntu with something proper b4 going to sleep. found that 11.04 wasn't to my liking.
disappointed and disgusted with  #natty... #unity
natty
unity
counter-intuitive,unnecessarily takin up valuable screen space,flashy enuf to please all kids.congrats ubuntu! u sure have dug ur own grave.
damn! I didn't da... :-( semma flop. I didn't even meet ht ma'am as senior couldn't contact me due to some mobile problem... :-(
dravid's wicket would cheer up randiv after being slammed around by him...
@Messidk90: think its time that you learnt that its 'loser' and not 'looser'. u r gonna be a final year student soon... @Satish_NR
gotta start packing now... sigh... #boring
boring
yay! exams over! spending time on learning more vim stuff now... #vim #fun
vim
fun
guess so...
listening to Sambho Siva Sambo now...
now playing PuliUrumudhu. in the mood for loud, noisy songs now...
Damn! RT No undue sympathy to students falling short on attendance: Court http://bit.ly/km8cJm
an experienced user like u had to search for the terminal! that's just bad. #unity
unity
http://t.co/W73ex9F For those who are still fans of #ubuntu, 11.04 has been released. #unity
ubuntu
unity
I remember celebrating the release of 10.10 not long ago. I dont even feel like trying 11.04 though...
Worm horror in Subway chicken sandwich http://t.co/sVN6Wlc
Softlinks vs. Hardlinks: A Quick Explanation | Techthrob.com http://j.mp/k7iSek via @AddToAny
great to have you back on twitter !
i dont think i'd want an ipad at any point of my life. #ipad2 #india
ipad2
india
Big shoutout to all fellow hackers . Be there at 'Triggr The Mobile' on 14th May 2011, Noida http://triggr.in #triggr @triggrin
triggr
should pause the work on my project. time to have breakfast. very hungry.
the most attractive employer in india! ://t.co/dTaPT2N5
yahoo made so many awesome web products. it started going down when it stopped innovating.
whew. power back. can start working on my project now.
hmmm. this bing desktop app is decent.
want. when will lumia 900 start shipping to other countries like india?
good morning! :)
lol. no thanks. :D
enough of twitter. finding it difficult to study.
luckily, i was advised not to go home and bring back my windows phone. would have been heavily distracted by it, now during exams.
enjoying the rain?
i wonder what is the point of studying all this if i am not able to write it in the exam within the given time. :-/
they should give extra 15 minutes in exams for slow writers like myself. :P
only solution is to listen to music from my comp. :-/
this random music from the 2nd floor of my hostel is at a perfect sound level to keep me disturbed. neither too high nor too low.
point taken. :)
news source?
going to change my approach to studying. will first finish studying the summarized version in my notes and then read the textbook. #adbms
adbms
Bayern hs bn knwn to b involved wit charitable ventures,helping other FC's in financial disarray as well as ordinary people in misery. #wiki
wiki
my support for today's match: Bayern Munich.
:D
slowly getting into knowing more about football clubs. looking out for a team to support.
And both, dropbox and skydrive allow you complete control over your files. they remain yours and yours alone.
Not to mention that Google can use all your files in whatever way they want. Google has surely become evil with its terms n conditions.
Google drive's 5GB looks stupid in the face of 25 GB offered by Microsoft skydrive.
they effectively shared the cost of the patents  and both of them can use all those patents under a licensing deal. nice.
Microsoft selling many of those AOL patents to facebook is a good move for both of them.
synset in nltk is awesome!
want a python interpreter on android. how difficult will it be to implement? hmmm...
i want to sleep. :( but no power in hostel. might have to sleep in clc itself.
i don't think i will be participating in topcoder srm's in a long time. the last 2 were hard enough to make me lose my interest.
there. another huge drop in my rating.
nope. i am no way consistent.
wow. whatte result. failed system test. :-/
there is no such thing as too much internet.
based on text mining, sentiment analysis and twitter. :)
windows phone development is good. i feel that it is easier and better than android to work with. i haven't worked with ios though.
i think that there is no point of waiting for this topcoder srm results anymore. it could take up the whole night.
moral of the story: speak up if you don't like something. u might come under heavy fire initially but u'll finally get what u want. :)
there. issue solved. classmates shifted their mokka posts to another new group. :)
will the central lecture hall complex be open for students in the mornings too? i can come here and work on my project tomo, then.
and i have been waiting for this for more than an hour now...
omg! it seems that the admins remembered to click the &quot;system test&quot; button only a few minutes ago! is this even true? #topcoder
topcoder
first they set problems that require 3 nested for loops and now they announce that system tests are slow. a link between the two, perhaps?
this is bad. system test results have not yet been updated. the situation has been like this for the past many srm's. #topcoder
topcoder
quantal quetzal??? seriously?? this is going downhill since the last 2 releases.
stupid classmates spamming all over the facebook group.
irritating classmates. jobless people.
very tough topcoder matches lately. dunno what is going on. number of solvers has decreased a lot.
at least i solved a problem. but wait, let me see whether it passes system tests.
wasted &amp;gt;45 minutes on one &quot;+k&quot; bug in a tc srm!! :(
i want a bot that listens to ur problems, gives solutions, makes u feel happy once again. why? cos most people are epic fail at such things.
could not sleep for a very long time yday night and had horrible nightmares during the one hour that I slept. #fail
fail
it is amazing to know what extent people can go to, in trying to defend their ridiculous behavior.
power cut. lol.
looking into part of speech tagging now. strongly feel that this is the most important part of my project.
In the middle of the 7th hour of a 9 hour power cut now. Did I mention that it is 40&#176;C over here?
Honeycomb was an aberration. Android tablets never deserved it. ICS is so beautiful on my tablet! Its just perfect on screens of this size.
i do agree that oracle is being a patent troll. but what google did was plain foolish mismanagement.
don't u think that google is at fault? they took something that is free for personal use but used it for commercial purposes.
conclusion: i can't make a nandroid backup on my tab until i free up a lot of space.hmmm.
my reason why i am not buying a ticket to google i/o: second week of office at microsoft &amp;gt; google i/o
even though i qualified, i am not going to buy a ticket nor do i want to go to google I/O this time. ://t.co/tQ8SQCkw
very bad day for my project, so far.
not forgetting that argument and holding on to that memory is even worse.
my view on michael clarke changed immediately after the first wi vs aus test match. that guy is one awesome captain!
and the first one on that list would be aokp, of course.
tempted to begin trying out custom ROMs on my galaxy tab 10.1 as well.
damn. almost forgot that i have a few deadlines to meet, today.
oh well. i wouldn't be spending 900$ (plus more for travel and acco) to visit google i/o anyway.
i hate these power cuts. :(
lol at the mail discussion among iit-m profs.
wow. i thought my college admin is bad. iit madras admin seems to be worse.
the problem with my studying style is that i tend to start all over from the first, every time i sit down to study.
mokka authors. talking about black holes enveloping the earth and destroying all the data in a text book.
i hope there isn't a power cut at 9.15.
3 types of storage - volatile storage, nonvolatile storage and stable storage. #adbms
adbms
i think i will study for my exam tomorrow before working on my project again.
i have ended up writing a bit of ruby code and getting to know that i might have to learn a bit of perl and snowball as well!
this is going crazy. i thought i could do my project in java, python, c++ or some other language that i already knew.
you awake? one doubt in rts portions.
How much has wb actually improved under the new cm?
Of course, I was not referring to any elder sister of mine in the previous tweet.
Bratty, immature and just plain intolerant. #didi
didi
bored of reading already. guess i'll work on my project for a while now.
reading the output returned from a twitter api call now. so much data! makes me feel wow!
the twitter api kinda returns a comedy xml though. wonder why hastags have an extra &amp;lt;text&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/text&amp;gt; tags around them. hmmm...
random powercut. :(
can retrieve 3200 tweets using my ruby code now! #relieved
relieved
tc
i thought that at least round 1c would be easier. :( this is insanely hard!
exhausted! :( but i knew that this would happen.
thanks! :)
codeacademy is easily the best place to learn coding for beginners.
very important day tomorrow. google code jam and topcoder open round 1c.
your thoughts on the newly created Microsoft Open Technologies?
Sweet in mess today for Tamil new year ://t.co/JqE1L5rV
when will my wp7 ever come? :(
always felt that people who can paint are v interesting people. good job google. more of them will be known to the world now. #artproject
artproject
wondering what this google art project is.
ok.
even feels that my room feels stuffy and hot.
I woke up now and felt just the same. ://t.co/seseHn7S #feelingthesameasameme
feelingthesameasameme
Challenge accepted.
Trying out bubbly. This is kinda cool. Listen at: ://t.co/JRxpywSC
Wow! These prickly heat powders really do work! #summerheat
summerheat
Can tweeting about studies actually help in studying? #importantkoshchin
importantkoshchin
announced where? anyone from our wing?
Lol. Coin attracted to a magnetized tester spinning crazily in front of a table fan. ://t.co/UcJaB2Pn
i am going to change.
this is crazy. power is back. what is going on?
power cut again.
so, google+ has something that looks a timeline too.
the google+ plane never took off and it has burst into flames already.
lol. what happened to the interface at google+??
muhahaha. power back.
no water in cooler. dying of thirst and dehydration!
what the hell! power cut again! i dont want to live in this stupid place!
I just love the keys on my l lappy ://t.co/OTI28Ke5
Dear fan. Y U NOOO SPIN?  ://t.co/evQJ5aOH
outrageously funny!! ://t.co/8gYmVpWG
realized that some users do not want to believe that every piece of software runs on code.
Extremely dehydrated. :(
Friends doing what they usually do ://t.co/VCarFYWf
laptop low battery. i think i'll study something from my tab now.
LOL!
using my table fan again. yay!
successful project review. :) our hard work paid off. yay!
time is 10:07 am #uselesstweet
uselesstweet
i'm impressed with the content-price ratio though. #funbook
funbook
lol. this funbook pic shows IE as an app. but the fact is, there is no IE on android! ://t.co/9gDHYEpX
realized that it is always best to be neutral towards companies, platforms and all kinds of software. #onemightneverknowhowtheychange
onemightneverknowhowtheychange
after all, project is for 6 credits (=2 subjects) and each review is like a CT. better to focus on it now.
i think i will concentrate on my project for the next 2 hours and shut down my laptop before the power cut begins.
was looking into codeplex now. i think i'll rather wait for it to gather some momentum before hopping on to it.
now that i have decided to become google-neutral, i am now moving my codes from ://t.co/VxKtMI8w to github.
ok ok. :D
summa da. Leela, ht, ssk, msb and a few other profs had a meeting. That's all.
couldn't resist taking a pic of this conversation :D ://t.co/jFtLPfne
:D
My precious ://t.co/r0FgTbGl
Random window ://t.co/xqGFj8I8
wattabottle ://t.co/dlwljqZl
'Maad'ern college ://t.co/0Pre27NO
looking into powertop now.
having green font on a black background does not make one a 'hacker'.
some secret meeting of the 'rebel' profs going on. plz note.
damn. the ideapad yoga is priced at 1900$!! that is way too costly. :(
and that of course means that i can be on twitter as well. :P
trying to download ieee papers related to sentiment analysis from college lab wifi now.
Last 1.30 class ever!
fb should have produced an instagram rival last year itself. approx 30$ per user on instagram to buy it out.
That was a great session with my project team mates! Feeling confident about my project now. :)
u submitted?
when submission? Tuesday only, right?
yes da. :(
omg!!! completely forgot!! have a huge assignment to finish!!
kalaai max! :D ://t.co/hZiwvG91
waiting for lumia 900 to start trending on twitter.
all of us suppli then. :P
there. perfectly caps a horrible day. didn't get my windows phone today. missed most of csk match. couldn't study properly. flopped tc now.
solved the 250 extremely slowly! worst performance ever. no time to finish 500. #tc
tc
sadly, i slept off and missed round 1a.
topcoder open round 1b starting in a minute.
monday morning.
oh. ok ok. thanks da. what else news? when is project review? this thursday, friday?
ok. thanks. how were the ct questions?
what to study in rts and adbms? the portions discussed on the fb group?
need help about what to study and how to study.
machi. need help about ct da.
no idea da. came back yday night.
Cleant it in spite of my mom's protests. Works without a noise now. :) yay!
For so many months, my home pc used to whine and groan so loudly! Opened it, found that there was dust accumulated on the fan.
Dad singing ://t.co/yOrcVHOS
do blog abt it da. Want to do the same.
Chuck this stupid adv dbms subject. Going to switch to rts now.
If there was something that motivated me to study, it was the fact that my friends were studying too. Now that is also gone.
When everyone else was studying, i was enjoying. Now i have to study, when everyone else enjoys.
idlis are best eaten with the help of yoursporks. i just did. :)
Ranganathan ://t.co/uci2ExoY
i frankly don't see the point in dancing. i came here for food. please stop dancing people, so that they van serve us food.
they can force me to the dance floor but they can't make me dance.
can feel the whole place resonate due to this extremely loud music!!! mavane! i am going deaf!
won a Microsoft bottle. yay!
with the new t shirt that i received ://t.co/OioOzmQI
Just posted a photo ://t.co/x9aKO6vK
at Hyderabad. for Microsoft new hires day.
Hotel Tara ://t.co/vA5n1Js7
Just posted a photo ://t.co/gShkjTtP
Just posted a photo ://t.co/NO5KTYQ2
Just posted a photo ://t.co/iHmqVbEj
First ://t.co/kz1FfgzF
instagram for android!
Hyderabad airport is beautiful!
hmmm. i might be working on visual studio. i might even get what i want, too. get to work on windows phone, perhaps?
in airport waiting for ranga.
Ct 2 over!! :D for me, at least. ;)
thanks da.
need notes for central bank da. can u take photo and upload?
Google's Apr1 pranks sound so mokkai.
why?
my class rep is an idiot.
galaxy ace.
damn! forgot about today's topcoder match and slept off in the evening! remembered only now!
apps related to carnatic music. nothing much actually.
damn. i sat down to read about text mining and ended up making a rage comic!
great that the guys at ://t.co/xp3gl9J4 replied. their reference links would be useful for my project. :)
hmmm. what do i do now?
Back to omega. But its v3 now. Blazing speed... :)
Every single fourth year boy must have come to the mess for evening snacks today!! What is happening??
Raining suddenly like a big storm here!!
Missing my phone camera. Moving to omegav3 from cm9.
totally love this!
this was just waiting to happen. regionalism on twitter.
it doesn't?? :D
got my flight tickets to attend new hires day. :) #microsoft
microsoft
and i think the best reflection of that transformation is metro.
microsoft is surely transforming.
i hope that i get a lumia 900 when i join office! :D
hmmm.
rapidminer is awesome!
not bad. i am working on my project without getting distraced by twi... OOPS!
was so happy that i was working on my project properly from today. saw that my prof had already mailed me yday asking abt my progress!
not yet. will be receiving a htc surround very shortly. most probably would be getting one when i join office too.
Nice! Windows Phone was not supposed to get LTE support  till Apollo. ://t.co/ERwI0c76
ah ha! look at this. ://t.co/FerRJQNL
this is strange. i didn't unfollow anyone recently but when i go visit a few people's profile, it says that i don't follow them anymore.
i used to loathe power cuts when i was a kid. i don't even know what term to use to describe my feelings for them now.
cyan!
Lumia 900!!
6 signs Microsoft has got its mojo&#160;back ://t.co/l7zhhKrq
reading a paper titled as &quot;Towards Linux as a Real Time Hypervisor&quot;. interesting.
Temple run is finally here on android!
or even view it on your pillow cover! :)
realized the same thing last week.
of course, i'd be getting it for free from microsoft india as part of that &quot;i unlock joy campaign&quot; for developing 4 windows phone apps.
it might not be the latest wp but am still eagerly waiting for my htc surround as it would be my first #windowsphone experience!
windowsphone
dunno da.
dunno what will be done.
ind eco only. he seems to be as lazy as me. :D
ranga. :P
at least i don't look sincere. :P
just realized that some people are not as sincere as they seem to be. #assignmentteammate
assignmentteammate
ah. the moment i close twitter, the attachment starts getting uploaded properly.
hotmail doesn't seem to be very good in handling attachments. this is so frustrating!
wow. ://t.co/Cb7U5SA1 has improved its website a little. looks more pleasant now.
Adithya from comp sci. was known as &quot;Mess&quot;.
doubtful. am a final year at NIT-T right now. got the news from my bro who was 3 years senior to me here at NITT. disturbing news.
u from NIT-T?
running ICS on my phone! can't believe it!!
finally!!
hmmm. seem to be stuck on the start screen.
wow! the starting animation rocks!!
whew. installed successfully.
60% over. system being installed right now.
flashing cm9 beta5 on my galaxy ace now. hopefully everything should go fine.
the team behind interviewstreet seems to be  doing a wonderful job! can feel interviewstreet's presence almost everywhere now!
and the best part? my rating was as low as 625 at one point of time! :D feels good now.
yay! my rating crossed 1000 in #topcoder at last!
topcoder
166th in div2. hmmm. i should have still solved that 300 pt problem correctly. not good. scope for a lot of improvement. #topcoder
topcoder
Am finally able to retrieve tweets using twitter4j. More hopeful about my project now.
true that.
damn. cant even update my twitter app settings at ://t.co/vzLIMiUm. keeps saying that Twitter is over capacity.
trying out clementine now.
hilarious! Gizmodo: &quot;we gave people an ipad 2, told them it was the new ipad and they loved it&quot; ://t.co/MPD9xhMd
://t.co/JxN4K4pE posting your question here might help.
Intel is going to insane levels to popularize its ultrabooks! Aweome video! Social experiment, it seems. ://t.co/nVX2V0uE
both. :)
i wasn't surprised by the climax but what happens in the middle of the book.
the secret of the nagas is a good book. of course, not good as a stand-alone book but along with the immortals of meluha.
missed today's topcoder srm because the rooms were full before i could register.
Power cut in hostels. Bed bugs even in AC bus, on the way home. Rotten life.
quality of cricinfo has just plummeted.
&quot;it was destined that SRT wud get his 100th century against &amp;amp; in the country where he had equalled Gavaskar's then-record 34 Test centuries&quot;
Cheap cricinfo. I bet hey would have written &quot;it was destiny&quot; if Sachin had hit the 100th at any time in any place.
@unreachableHost
why would people unfollow anyway?
omg! I think I clicked unfollow by accident! I would never unfollow u on purpose da. sorry buddy.
hosted at ://t.co/cDSeMaLy
source code?
please don't retweet this.
trying to use twitter4j now.
lol. those guys have used the same BGM in their promo trailer as my coll guys did, for pragyan. #copy
copy
kuruksastra?? seriously, what kind of a name is that?
sure! :)
back to reading about my project.
omg. i totally forgot to let twitterverse know about my new android app. here it is. Bunk Score. s://t.co/AmqBZ5S3..
Things seem to be changing at Google. ://t.co/Z1Aw9Ey1
there. topped up using freecharge.
not from this semester.
feeling very sleepy.
lol.
its 4.30! yay! running off to mess. #thathungry
thathungry
naanga nambuvom. avanga nambuvaangalaa? :P
lol.
as a student developer, i honestly think that developing for windows phone is much easier than developing for android.
will give myself an hour to finish this app.
hmmm.
hungry. :-/
dunno. not very clear about what the msg exactly means.
dunno. not very clear about the msg exactly means.
my previous tweet is the msg i got from airtel. shortened to fit within 140 chars, of course.
Ur Twitter on USSD wil b renewed in nxt 3 days n u'll be charged Rs5 for 5 days from ur airtel mobile account. To unsubscribe, dial *515*22#
wth! has airtel decided to charge users for using twitter through sms?? 5 Rs for 5 days??
i wonder where i misplaced my data cable for my phone.
first, got to finish that bunk score app.
:)
i found most ebooks too difficult to start with. i started with those tutorials at ://t.co/LBq5LZyW.
that beard gave him that thalaivar status. #baasha
baasha
it is time i admit on twitter that i have watched #baasha only once ever in my life. thalaivare, please forgive me.
baasha
no. :(
twitter, Y U NO showing #basha as a trending tag??
basha
programming isn't just a skill. its a way of thinking.
nope. not at all.
don't worry. use the right earphones. *trollface* :D
#CLT Sitapathe by Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer
CLT
one simply doesn't wish chuck norris belated birthday wishes.
72 years ago, Chuck Norris decided to let humanity know his presence.
true.
:P
been using that list for almost a year now. :)
i don't even know why i typed the above tweet. am very jobless, i guess.
cow and dog fighting near the dustbin near the mess. visible from room.
maate maladwaja in khamas ranks as one of my favorite songs of all time.
so what shall we do about the tweetup? what shall we discuss about?
check this out. s://t.co/JF5UZBLj
will let those guys know. :P
why so? why not a different model?
hmmm. looking into twitter4j now.
i hate it when klout makes me tweet stupid things to enable me to complete quests.
According to @klout, my Klout score is 51. How influential are you? ://t.co/ZETS90eO
first step. data retrieval. get me those tweets, i say.
will get started on my project now.
still waiting for my new windows phone 7 device. hope i get it at least by the end of this month.
running ubuntu, win 7 and win 8 consumer preview successfully on my laptop now. #tripleboot
tripleboot
this Boot-Repair script suggested in the Ubuntu FAQ is amazing! recovering my ubuntu grub became a breeze after installing it.
This is new to me. Never knew that power goes at 4.30 am as well. #sleeplessnight
sleeplessnight
900 kbps. good.
so what's the plan?
great! my blog ://t.co/45cyhq7N reached 15,000 views! :)
&quot;So dude, what's the new iPad called?&quot; &quot;...&quot;
Lol. I bet no blogger or tech mag guessed this name. The new iPad, it is.
The fact that there is a bias against giving respect to female people in the Hindi language speaks volumes about the people who created it.
many bugs fixed. new features added. i heard that something like more than 100,000 changes were brought about in the code.
honest suggestion. don't join my college. we are having &amp;gt;10 hours of powercut daily from this semester.
AIR 1100. Tamilnadu state 28.
NIT Trichy.
nice. :)
21. you?
i wanted to upgrade that windows 8 developer preview in my third partition to consumer preview. forgot. will do it tomo.
@Aarthi_2410, your Klout Score is decent (I'm a 51). Check out your profile today! ://t.co/DP3WPElP
I just completed the Connect all networks quest on Join me:  ://t.co/LjHpRIDg
would've retweeted that if not for the expletive. relatives following on twitter. :D
apple innovates. samsung copies. developers make it better. consumers benefit.
in brand power? surely! :)
if people researched, they would go for the one with the better config. but they don't research.
all those depend on the trust of people on apple. they dont research about products much.
i strongly feel that companies keep releasing products. so the &quot;Best Product&quot; title shifts back n forth. natural. :)
the original tab is nothing short of disgusting. the 10.1 is really good. maybe the ipad HD will trump galaxy tab 2 10.1.
exactly my point. love for steve jobs, worshippers and fanboys of apple. remove them n its a good product. not the best.
my grandpa owns an ipad2 &amp; my cousin owns an ipad.i like android as an OS. but the lack of updates from samsung? i hate.
product brand, advertising and fan following contribute to sales. if u compare them feature by feature, d 10.1 is better.
as long as there are communities away from the control of manufacturers and google, i am happy with android. :)
i don't particularly hate apple. just that my wants aren't exactly oriented with the devices that they make. :)
one need not even root an android phone to customize the looks of the OS.
i know about jailbreaking but android, by default provides thousands of launchers and apps to substitute system apps.
i chucked that slow, laggy ROM on my android device and installed a custom ROM. better speed, battery life, etc.
it is very smooth. trust me. i love apple for its innovation. but i feel other platforms provide more control for the user.
i feel customization trumps everything else. android allows a lot of customization. iOS doesn't.
i have loved the look n feel of mac os x. but i could make my ubuntu completely look like that. #customization
customization
s2 is light in weight. some ppl like the plastic feel n some dont. the bigger screen is awesome too!
Galaxy Tab 10.1 vs ipad 2. i have used both n felt the tab 10.1 was better. it has better camera too.
brand building? Yes. But best product? no. Samsung beats apple there.
Samsung is crazy. Launching so many Android phones. No brand building at all.
Google doesn't care about users with slow internet connection. Market/Play n Google+ are perfect examples.
WHY THE HELL IS THE MOBILE VERSION OF THE HINDU WEBSITE DISPLAYING FULL PAGE POP UP ADS???
Although i don't like siegler, this article is good. RT @TechCrunch: The iPad HD Sucks* ://t.co/ZDM8wyUl by @parislemon
Wow! RT @engadget: Nokia Lumia 800 update reportedly triples battery life ://t.co/h2KrVle4
If only students spent half their time of watching movies and taking photos of themselves, in writing programs...
Realized that I tweet more during class hours than my free hours.
Google play??
remember discussing this? someone already has done this. ://t.co/Ad4E45UH
Good to hear that Congress is performing poorly everywhere. :)
and with that adapter, i am able to connect my USB keyboard to my tab and tweet, just like the last tweet and this one too! :)
how could i be so careless? found an USB adapter for my galaxy tab 750 in the box that it came with, while searching for something else now!
key lime pie sounds worse than precise pangolin! what's with the ridiculous version names everywhere??
u should see their fb profile pics. @unreachableHost
we should. but i think we dunno how to get it. just feel that some1 should point out how we go abt doing it.
whom r we against? it's not that some1 is holding on to our power n not giving it to us.
i didnt buy it. The wifi-only model was released in india today.
Slept almost the whole day n feeling very groggy now.
it's just a wifi model. yeah. sad at that price.
the asus transformer prime android tablet.
Wait. So the transformer prime in India doesn't have 3g support? That's epic fail at that price!
I think I'll sleep again. Too tired to go have lunch.
Luckily, I didn't wait for it and got a Galaxy Tab 750.
Omg! Just woke up to the news that the transformer prime is coming to India for a ridiculous price of 50k! Who will even buy that??
hey, can i join u for ind eco assignment?
So hot here in college!
No balance, no signal for internet connection, no electricity, extremely hot weather! This is horrible!
Love the ASUS padfone video. Great to see how the industry is moving.
Hindi classes at last.
When will I get to drive???
Omg! In the middle of a hilarious adventure right now!
:P RT @localteaparty: Match interestingly poised
Driving test gonna start.
thank you! :)
The day has finally come. Driving test day. :)
Yay. Am a full-fledged XDA member now. Reached 10 posts. :)
Yay. Won a TopCoder T-shirt. :)
khamas is one raagam which i'll never stop loving. reminds me of my childhood, learning music from my mother and grandmother.
power back.
LOL! @localteaparty
What a Year&#8211;XDA Portal Turns Two! ://t.co/31HYz3dE via @xdadevelopers
read your mail now. shocked to know! some of us were not organizing this year. I hope the organizers respond properly.
thought so! :D what about YOU? ;)
it is 'laugh' in tamil. :D
even the blank slides? :P
Omg. Even after being told that Gayle's slides are available online, my friend was able to point out a girl who was taking notes down!
This is unexpected. Gayle Laakman's lecture is boring.
Everyone here at #pragyan enjoying Mike Brown's video conference. @plutokiller
pragyan
Mike Brown has a fitting twitter id. @plutokiller
Wow! Narendra Nayak is ripping into Sai Baba, Amrita lady, Sri Sri Ravishankar and Baba Ramdev in #pragyan!
pragyan
all of us here in Pragyan are enjoying hearing u talk. :)
Getting to know more about the favorite person I eagerly watch on TV! @xercyn
Having a wonderful video conference with (Jeff Lieberman) at #pragyan!
pragyan
Awesome time lapse videos being shown in Pragyan!
Tweetcaster for android tablets is super-awesome!
Stupid team at info desk. Announcing wrong timings for events. #pragyan
pragyan
tweetcaster pro is my favorite!
geeklist is really awesome. must start using it properly from now on.
the way my distractions have moved. reddit-&amp;gt;twitter-&amp;gt;xda-developers.
:D
I got placed before I applied to start a GTUG. :P simply involving myself in tech stuff as much as I can. :-)
yes. in last July. thanks! :-)
finally! after nearly 7 months of waiting for that mail from Microsoft, got it today, at last! :D
heard that cm7 doesnt support ace properly.
awesome speed da.
running a custom ROM on my phone for the first time! and its the super-fast OmegaRomv2 for the Galaxy ACE! thank you @CooperROMs!
Sweet, and are giving away 4 Galaxy Nexuses and 4 Transformer Primes. Wish me luck! ://t.co/jH848zeM
the extent to which people would go to promote their college fests!! some guys are adding their fest's name to their facebook name!
wanted to ask you this for a long time. was the pragyan promo trailer your effort? brilliant da!
to think that i might be able to be calm and enjoy life after my cycle tests. this is much more hectic than i thought!
hectic day! no sleep at all. :(
i hope this doesn't turn out to be a 'taking the horse to the water' story. must wait and watch.
some random hindi actor/director who makes a fool of him on twitter. @unreachableHost
lol! :D
was planning to do it yday night in the bus, but i was so tired preparing for the cycle tests that i dozed off.
finished updating necessary stuff right now for the android dev camp of NITT GTUG chapter.
good morning tweeps! hectic day ahead!
Galaxy Tab 10.1!!
I just unlocked the &quot;Bender&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/pHiftufC
I just unlocked the &quot;Campus Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/lgaxkLkR
I just became the mayor of Mechanical department on @foursquare! ://t.co/yoXHgeAo
I just unlocked the &quot;Crunked&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/FpA0NN4Q
I just unlocked the &quot;Overshare&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/0Xnkbxdl
Trying Vlingo for twitter.
I am a noob when it comes to custom ROMs. What does the latest blogpost on cm9 actually mean? How do I compile cm9 for my galaxy tab 10.1?
I just unlocked the &quot;Super User&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/a0GV72Nh
I just became the mayor of Pearl hostel on @foursquare! ://t.co/YTRJXqLG
I just unlocked the &quot;Local&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/nV1ruwBE
I just unlocked the &quot;School Night&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/D0p4azov
Omg! What an unexpected adventure! Back home at last.
Back home. That was one of the most decent journeys I had, in a long time. #nobedbugs
nobedbugs
And the protagonist of the series surely resembles my uncle.
My favorite character from the series? The janitor!
And this scrubs series gave me a great insight into their lives! Loved it.
I wonder how medicos become who they are. They are awesome!
ac bus.
I just hope I don't get a fever.
There is only one person in this whole wide world who will never hurt u. And that's yourself.
Yay! Jadeja namakke!
This is so comfortable! Studying in college library with my tablet connected to the internet using college wifi.
I just unlocked the &quot;Bookworm&quot; badge on @foursquare! Long live print! ://t.co/H56nJVp0
I just unlocked the &quot;Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/X5lkXFJa
I'm at Mega Mess 2 w/ ://t.co/rmZl1JNR
how?
No power. No water. Waiting to get away from this place.
dei. Its not an elective for us da.
://t.co/6LtUzhwM throwing Missing X-TransactionID header error.
Why should a comp sci engineer know about all this industrial economics nonsense??
Dear prof, is it ok if I stop writing notes n start tweeting about it instead?
Bunked the first class today to spend time writing code. :-P
And the best part was when one random student came up n told that I drove nicely.
Yay! Done. Drove from BHEL to mech dept in coll. :-)
lol. Within the college campus. Talking about these mad trichy roads now.
Should hopefully get a chance to drive on the road today. :-)
That's it. Enough working on that app for today.
My previous tweet shows how headlines can be so misleading.
Meet Bill Gates, the Man Who Changed Open Source Software | Wired Enterprise | ://t.co/9yM9sACl ://t.co/a9bUjsnA
what exactly goes in those chinese facilities: ://t.co/vPVY7ePw
apple is so disgustingly evil that they don't mind inhuman conditions of workers in china assembling apple products.
oh my god! #3wordstories
3wordstories
take care da. btw, i personally use those himalaya's septillin in case of throat infection. v effective for me.
what happened da?
from now on, i promise to make a conscious effort to not loathe anyone, fight with anyone or hold grudges against anyone.
Got a new watch n flute! Yay!
that's it. i have decided to concentrate more on my project from now on.
Indha pic badgeukku onnum korachal illai.
i wish ravi shankar sir was here on twitter.
Lol. Comedy pasanga. Spelling mistakes on such a poster.
damn. this means that i can't write android apps until i get back to college. #everythingbroken #needtoupdateeclipse
everythingbroken
needtoupdateeclipse
fletcher must go.
oh. ok ok. thanks. :)
done. :) thanks.
doubt. what is #CLT?
CLT
Back home safely, at last.
Omg! They are finally here!.bedbugs!
Phew! Got out of the traffic jam after nearly an hour!
So much traffic near the toll gate that they are sending off all vehicles w/o collecting any toll, to clear the traffic quickly!
read toi.
That news about the mad bus driver? It will henceforth be referred to as Swargate-gate.
Oooh. RT @TimMoore: Larry Page To Googlers: If You Don't Like 'Search Plus Your World,' Hit The Road (GOOG) ://t.co/Ya0dPzjH
still in the bus. :D
Changed my place once again.
doesn't seemto be.
Omg. He is sitting next to me again and is trying to start a conversation with me now!
Can't switch on gprs to risk draining out my battery completely. Only twitter SMS can keep me awake now.
One thing is sure. I won't be able to sleep with this suspicious character around.
I changed my seat back to the front. Let's see what happens now.
After a while,this guy comes n sits in a diagonally front seat. N starts glancing behind to see what I am upto.
After a while, I said that i am going back n went n sat at the back.
He came and sat down next to me when the almost all rows behind us were empty.
He took some ticket for 120 only which means he'll get down somewhere on the way to Chennai.
Fishy looking character in the bus.
As usual, my phone's battery drains at the start of my journey.
Off to Chennai. Hope to have a safe journey.
These power cuts should be banned.
Tweaking my galaxy ace to look more n more like a wp7 phone. Love it!
This industrial economics class is a waste of our time.
Glad that my teammates accepted my project idea. Hopefully everything should go on smoothly.
Glad that I rooted my phone. Removed some useless apps today.
Awesome lady's fingers in mess today!
Hmmm. I thought I'd want to take a break today. But no. I think I'll go n code now.
need something to drink. parched!
successfully submitted my 3rd and 4th wp7 app today. should wait and see whether they are certified or not.
could not upload as much details as i wanted. shortened it and submitted. too exhausted to complete it fully now.
4 over so far, 150 remaining. Need to speed up.
Here goes, the countdown begins from 154 now.
So, that's decided then. Retiring from college gully cricket as well. No proper ball, no proper rules. Too random for my liking.
After what seems like an eternity, finally got the app ready. Submitted now. Hopefully should get successfully certified.
6 left.
Should ensure I go to sleep properly in the night n not doze off abruptly, like yday.
Hmmm. &quot;Google's earnings disappoint&quot; while &quot;Microsoft's quarterly profits exceeds expectations&quot;? Sign of changing times?
More importantly, I need breakfast.
9 left. I need a break.
7 out of 18.
6 out of 18 done.
Omg! This coffee tastes terrible!! Feel like puking!
Freezing cold outside! According to trichy standards, of course.
Sigh. Finished only 5 out of 18, so far.
Off to driving class now. First day. :-)
Whew. Procedures over. Off to college now.
Waiting in rto office now. Gotta wait till 12 for power to come back, it seems.
at NIT Trichy, my college. Has never been so cold here, before.
Damn. Both, gprs balance n talktime balance out. Must top up today.
hmmm. need more ideas...
should start work on my final sem project soon.
Damn. Tubelight gone in my room.
Can't believe that its so cold here in the campus!
this just took less that &amp;lt;60 seconds. #rootinggalaxyace
rootinggalaxyace
damn! am on a 7 match losing streak. life sucks! #chess
chess
At 35th Chennai book fair now. Wondering how my mom convinced me to come here.
true. but depends on whom u watch along with.
feel like punching myself in the face!
liked ur article in Business Insider on why windows phone will be a success.
a close family friend died in a road accident. he must be only 29-30 years old. got a wife and a daughter.
a few things. voter id card, college id card, atm card and some cash.
i thought yday was terrible. today seems worse.
new day, new beginning.
One hell of a night. Tortured by bedbugs for the past few hours.
yeah. :-(
Disastrous ending to a lousy day. Got pickpocketed in local bus!!
And here it is. Carnatic Quiz app for Windows phone users. ://t.co/Cy6sv0XC
opera seems to be crashing frequently for me. need some other browser that can support slow net connections properly.
that carnatic quiz app has been successfully certified. waiting for it to become active in the windows phone marketplace.
hello twitter. am back.
Library is v nice. Best way to spend an afternoon.
brought my spectacle case to coll only to find that my spectacles aren't inside. left it at home. :(
my fate is sealed. going for two tech electives.
Damn. All the good electives are getting canceled. None of my friend seem to be taking the same choice of electives as myself, too.
ok. :)
sure. do I ask them to contact through twitter?
this summer. am placed in microsoft on-campus, actually. would be interested in an internship.
sorry. saw ur tweet only now. college re-opening tomorrow. so, leaving tonight. can i know more?
most importantly, i want to become more consistent in coding.
enough resolutions about my food intake and health. have taken a few about coding now as well.
some ppl don't deserve even a little help. because they'll stab u in the back, anyway.
Expected. Got terribly low grades in the two most randomly corrected subjects. Stupid correction.
irritated.
i don't understand. shouldn't a company that helps other companies in their hiring process follow the same hiring process??
v nice dp da! :)
too many tutorials available for developing windows phone 7 apps. finding it difficult to choose the best among them.
kutcheri buzz published a small text on my Android app in yday's issue! ://t.co/uVTqrgTo  via ://t.co/DE4Akmwl
today WILL be an eventful day for me. so, i don't think its a new year yet. i want to enjoy this day too.
i dont understand. many ppl dont seem to think that december has 31 days. #newyearwishes
newyearwishes
good morning tweeps.
not yet da. waiting for gokul.
why isn't any1 posting the actual results on facebook??
frustrating! more than 8 hours spent on this stupid thing! i give up!
something similar da. but its pretty stupid.
wth! downloaded 78.6 MB out of 100 odd and it just froze!! next download available only after half an hour.
sometimes ur best intentions are misunderstood.
damn it. cook didn't turn up today. no proper tiffin. can't go out and buy too, due to this hell of a downpour!
stupid windows! doesn't even allow me to change file permissions properly.
sutham. rooting is going to take at least 3 days with this net speed.
i think tonight will be the night when i root my phone. i think it'll take more than tonight to download the necessary files though.
+8. was worth the wait after all. :P
that means my rank is somewhere around 380. oh well.
damn! it seems i flopped my 500pt solution!
that just means i would have to stay awake for a longer time now.
&quot;System test results will be delayed. We'll try to announce them as soon as possible. We apologize for technical problems.&quot; #topcoder
topcoder
lol. this &quot;Value Pack&quot; for Gal S and Tab, 'sounds' silly, although it might be really good.
one thing is for sure. if my rating goes above 1000 today, i'll do a night out. :D
hmmm. tourist seems to be the #1 today, as of now. of course, could Petr be far behind? he's on #2 now.
will do it TRS style. announce my rank on twitter if it is decent. otherwise go to sleep silently. :P
hope i got those 2 problems right.
time for system tests! bring it on! :P
waiting for the challenge phase to start.
hmmm. just one guy submitted a solution for the 1000pt problem in my room.
8 minutes left. oh well. i give up. will learn from the editorial after the contest.
frustrating...
i can never solve these 1000pt problems until i practise more.
hmmm. the next few months will decide whether i want to keep my fb account or not.
almost forgot. topcoder match at 9.30 tonight.
Tab updated to 3.2. Naice. :-)
50% now.
49% of installation done. :-)
Downloaded 3.2 honeycomb update. Updating device now. :-)
3.2 honeycomb update available for my tab! :)
cool. got a pinterest account now. going to try it now.
Hmmm. Time to sit n learn c#.
oh nice. when is ur date of joining?
same for airtel.
Opened cricinfo, clicked live scorecard, first thing I see is: Tendulkar OUT! Lol.
so, where is ur posting? Chennai? Any extra news? Which team?
cool. connectify works perfectly. @connectifyme
tendulkar &amp; dravid: 49th partnership of 50 or more in Tests.
hussey seems to be troubling the batsmen.
hmmm. no century in this test match so far.
poda hilfenaus. not out.
lol. now i see posts ranting abt the kindle fire. lol again.
the most common reply why ppl don't adapt to a new platform: &quot;others aren't on it&quot;. #linux #g+ #wp7
linux
g
wp7
dropped thrice?
&quot;just because others do it&quot; would be the lamest reason of all time.
no. i never backed up all phone contacts to gmail da.
yeah! still haven't finished deleting contacts starting with 'A'!!
realized that i had synced my google+ contacts along with their profile images to my android phone. that explains y phone memory got full.
yay! shifted old photos from mob to comp and freed 700mb on sd card.
paruppu saadham at pathu mani pm.
dei! its super awesome da!
wow! congrats da!! kalakku!!
damn! sadly yes.
expecting a dravid, sachin and a ponting century. come on!
nice one!
does anyone else think that the galaxy y ad looks stupid? #overacting
overacting
Created my own Android app and launched it on the market. ://t.co/FZQht9QE
true. its too early.
that must be the second time today that ponting lost his balance after playing a shot.
don't u think he is struggling against those balls outside the off-stump? he might edge them any time.
if is awake at odd hours in the morning, go check ur tv. there must be an awesome cricket test series going on!
ponting plays football to keep the ball away from the stumps.
all australian batsmen struggling against bouncers.
umesh strikes again! marsh goes for a duck!
Warner gone!
Yay. Covers are off once again.
I just watched one ball! Damn! Rains.
thanks! :)
for those who missed this tweet earlier: to all carnatic music fans who own an android, i present you this. ://t.co/RaIEv4qq
I still love how dickens portrayed scrooge.
Today is christmas? Bah! Humbug.
about right time too. power cut now.
should keep improvising it.
there it is! finally on the app market. available for download. s://t.co/ldgwSGrQ
typed 100+ questions and answers for the app! fingers paining. must take a break.
i just left my seat once to drink water. must've been 5-6 hours of continuous work from today morning.
it is undeniably a mokka app as of now. but at least, the first version is ready.
have never worked this hard in my life! the first version of my app is ready. learning how to sign and upload in the market.
what a terrible start to the day!
lol. will surely get to know tomorrow then. :) good night.
ok. :) btw, i follow ur tweets regularly but do not know ur real name. can i know now? :D
great! am attending ganesh-kumaresh concert at 5.30 am tomo in panchamuga anjaneyar temple in mylapore. will be in academy at 8. :)
i would like to meet u tweeps interested in carnatic music. am one too. saw ur timeline n realized that there seem to be many of u.
u were there? i thought amrit's lec-dem was good too.
why the hell am i so inconsistent in coding?!!
ganesh-kumaresh concert in that anjaneyar temple tomo morning at 5.30! yay! i remember how wonderful it was last time!
awake at last!
so, here i am, beginning work on my final year project.
as said brilliantly by my friend, when u don't know what to do next, do the job that u will have to do for sure, anyway.
update for my rapidminer tool? u must be kidding! i downloaded it this morning!
Both lec dems were awesome today! Totally worth skipping today's srm.
Never did I know that Umayalpuram Sivaraman could be so witty while speaking!
&quot;Every rhythm has a counter rhythm.&quot; - Trichy shankaran. #ethirnadai
ethirnadai
Not because I follow the thanjavur style of playing, but I personally don't like how the palani style sounds. #mirudangam
mirudangam
had to choose between today's tc match or the lec-dem on &quot;Sri. Harishankar style of khanjira playing&quot; by Sri. Amrit. chose the latter.
i don't like it at all when more than one interesting event happens at the same time.
hmmm. realized that i might not be able to attend today's tc srm. sigh.
good morning tweeps.
del. Google for the apk file. Problem solved. :P
checking out the google currents app now.
first time i see so many of my friends talk abt something related to google+, after the first week. #schemer
schemer
check HK's fb post.
ask da.
woah! when did this release? never knew about this.
my grandma's feedback after listening to kola veri: &quot;dhanush has sung well. he has maintained shruthi properly.&quot;
i wonder why ppl like foursquare. hmmm.
back to using macbuntu.
sigh. still haven't found an driver update that fixes my touchpad on windows. i don't want to resort using a mouse.
Removed my mobile cover n been like that for the past one week. This feels much better.
sony pix must be having some deal with the producers of the Resident Evil series. daily some movie from that series.
but that is more related to ppl involved in a medical profession. i think i'll go ahead with my idea.
a brilliant idea struck me. when i googled abt it, sadly someone had beat me to it. it is this. ://t.co/3w46Sybc
this is the article that i am reading now. really well written! ://t.co/PY8Z44Xj
TIL abt docblocks. nice. :)
going to spend time today on stackoverflow.
Preparing for carnatic music quizzes now. Any suggestions?
omg! never knew that there was a windows phone camp in chennai today. could've learnt something.
RIM stopped innovating over the past few years.
brand value can't stand forever. apple regularly released new innovations over the last decade. RIM didn't.
of course, there is this ubislate thingy but it doesn't even satisfy some basic requirements.
i repeat. kindle fire isn't THE android tablet. its the poor man's tablet.
Playing the khanjira would surely improve my mirudangam playing.
Started playing the khanjira again. So much fun!
Wth! Four 29c passed but not a single 27d!
Second time I'm seeing her!
Jayalalitha in a convoy!
Maayamma ninne now.
As brilliant as ever! Trichur brothers in music academy singing awesomely!
there should be an #IdiotKiranBedi trending tag.
IdiotKiranBedi
whew. xda-developers is back.
Had an awesome day today!
wth airtel! losing money at regular intervals when i am not even using my phone! no call, sms or gprs.
wow! finishing off long pending problems on spoj at a decent rate. happening only after i began to realize that coding is fun.
accepted now. :) potuko!
lol. yeah.
remember that CSTREET problem? there is a price per unit length input parameter called p da. lol.
slept for only 4 hours, walked around for 2 hours n ppl at home are getting angry that i'm not coming along with them to a lec dem now!
Outside kapaleeshwarar temple now. Waiting for our bhajan troupe to start.
+32 :-)
that should have been a flopcoder match as i slept off in the middle of the srm. cant stay awake for even a sec more. good night tweeps.
topcoder first. twitter later.
dad askin for android phone suggestions. does tat mean tat its time to get a new one for myself n hand over the one i have right now,to dad?
bro stopped changing channels n paused on  'oda oda oda thooram puriyala' song. patti asking whether this is the kolaveri song.
lol. every1 in my family getting more and more 'youth' and 'dude-like' these days.
parents and grandparents praising will smith's acting.
omg. almost forgot. topcoder srm tonight.
some ppl are so talented that they are awesome at everything that they play around with. #amazed
amazed
just realized that an android device is more useful for creative people than nerds like me.
nice app discovered by my friend. rangoli kolam on android. s://t.co/Tpb8LTUy..
now is the time i get over my laziness and do something important!
off to music academy canteen with harimanjunathan.
student. or student at nit-t.
one of my classmate's linked-in intro reads - head of some pragyan event. is that how one introduces themselves to others? find it strange.
reminded of the da vinci code where the thatha says that everyone is entitled to hold their secrets.
RMS is the Karl Marx of the software industry.
the free software philosophy would have died if it not were for torvald's outstanding work.
but it should entirely be the choice of the programmer or the organization.
of course, software can continue to be commercially available too.
just as every1 is encouraged to do social service, every programmer must be encouraged to contribute to open source.
reading a biography on stallman. feel that the open source ideology is more like socialism.
Damn! Forgot to update my gprs pack.
Listening to Bombay sisters at music academy main hall now.
Insane crowd for t.n.krishnan's lec-dem at music academy mini hall! No place to even stand!
another useless day.
hmmm. this twitter 'discover' feature is exactly what i had in mind for my project. gotta think of a new one now.
how much ever hard i try, some things can never be done.
invading other countries, SOPA, tasering, pepper spraying. what next america?
at the end of the day, i'd rather live in a stupid country that i know than live in a stupid country that i don't know.
idiot american congressmen. they seem to be worse than our politicians.
i could also stop tweeting and start working.
i could write some wp7 apps. might help understanding a few unknown stuff. #c#
c
i could build write a few android apps. or spend time on improving the wordpress android app too.
i could start my btech final project. got to read more papers abt data mining tweets, as my proj is related to it! ;)
i could start my preparation for code jam. spoj, codechef and topcoder beckon.
now that there is no answer to &quot;what should i do?&quot;, its time to answer &quot;what can i do?&quot;.
i want to attend a few lecture demonstrations in the morning today.
wouldn't mind if BB is replaced by wp in the 3rd spot.
glad that the trip went without any problems. whew!
back home at last! :)
Cool. Update for my galaxy tab 10.1.
full freedom. v encouraging.
wow! my prof is super cool! :)
Stupid powercut. Need to stay in the dark for the next 45 min or leave. I'll stay.
damn. just wait for a few months n u get a smartphone with similar features but for half the price. #galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
Stupid powercut!
At kulithalai station now. Which means trichy junction is next. :-)
Whew! Reached station safely, one hour before my train departs.
Yay! Signal, at last!
signal at least now!
Reached munnar safely.
thanks to twitter, I am able to update my close ones with what I am doing.
hope to have a safe trip.
luckily, abhishek bachchan doesn't see my tweets.
r we going to kochi or directly to munnar? no idea.
the bus starts at last.
typical. arbit stranger sitting next to me in bus.
yeppa, please start our bus. Unbearably hot in here.
That same feeling after I wrote jee n after I got placed. &quot;What do I do from now on?&quot;
and finally, the big day is here. acm icpc amritapuri regionals 2011 contest in a few hours. #amicpc
amicpc
off to the beach, at last, after so much waiting. #amicpc
amicpc
all tweets tagged with #amicpc being displayed here. hmmm.
amicpc
Registering for munnar trip now. #amicpc
amicpc
Practice contest n lunch done. :) #amicpc
amicpc
not with battery life. but with battery sensors, yes.
At kayankulam at last.
nice weather here. :-)
heard that the battery indicator in unrooted android phones doesn't work properly. should root mine soon.
hmmm. all sabarimala devotees getting down here.
at chengannur station now. kayankulam would be next.
yay. able to charge my phone, at last.
dammit. roaming charges for incoming calls. should remember that.
oops. forgot that battery was low. should stop tweeting. good thing that it has survived the night anyway.
nothing scheduled for today. but I think today will still be good. looking forward to an exciting day. :)
hmmm. train delayed by 1.5 hours. should have reached kayankulam by now. now only at kottayam.
Good morning tweeps! :)
no 20 print outs for the contest, this time?
ennadhu? gandhi sethuttaara? :P
opened up cricinfo to find out that jadeja has bowled a maiden now! in this pitch!! #whattaman
whattaman
i know. ubuntu is my primary distro anyway. had built chromium os on my pendrive 11 months ago, just for fun.
i was trying to remove a problem. the problem itself is solved!!
and it reboots chroimium os again! twitter, facebook and g+ were all crashing earlier. n they work fine now! lol!
enna pa comedy ithu! i format the pendrive through windows n reboot my comp.
reason? can't even update the software in it.
correction. &quot;chromium&quot; os.
planning to remove this 'old' chrome OS from my pendrive.
i am missing #in50hrs again, this weekend! sigh. why do big events combine all the time?
in50hrs
yay! solved one silly problem that had been bugging me for so many days. simple DP but i had been thinking that it was much tougher.
i like this. waking up early and compensating for it in the afternoon with a nap. :) feel so fresh now.
wth! i can't even solve a minimizing knapsack problem. getting errors. hmmm.
i swear i wont play this crazily addicting game for the next 1 week! it is beginning to ruin my life.
since i am in a bad mood, i'll play for a while and then sit and study properly.
what do i do now? surrender to my addiction of playing &quot;dungeon defenders: second wave&quot; or sit and code properly?
i will never be able to look at a computer the same way again. coz everything looks so damn fuzzy! #eyepower
eyepower
my previous tweet kinda summarizes how my life is. sigh...
thanks! :)
good morning appa! topcoder match at 7.30 am. that's why. :)
woke up early at home, at last!
my headache might be due to that #IdiotKapilSibal.
IdiotKapilSibal
cooking noodles now. :)
omg!! i have 83 machine learning videos to watch! this is going to take a long long time.
i know some tv serials like dexter are supposed to be good. but no, thanks. i'd rather not waste my time on them.
how much have i lost in life due to my laziness?? more importantly, how much more will i lose? hmmm. need to change. drastically.
omg! i cant even watch a single video attentively for ten minutes! yawning continuously! :P
these videos are split into nice, small segments. just love it! now on to &quot;Cost Function - Intuition 1&quot;.
i wonder how ppl write fast. i need to relearn the act of writing.
hmmm. cost function...
been a really long time since i viewed those stanford machine learning class videos. continuing it now.
worked hard for more than an hour! long time since that happened!
just had an epiphany. what do i really want to do?
wow! where?
all i do is play games or try to write some code. hopefully everything will change in 2 weeks.
i need to learn to interact with people better. so many years of living through my comp has diminished my ppl skills.
i have become a zombie... &quot;BRAINS!! BRAINS!!&quot;
let me get back to work now.
worst part of waking up after a long sleep is feeling sleepy again.
Operation Die Barbosa successfully going on. #antipiracy
antipiracy
yes.
I know its going to be difficult w/o those free pirated songs. But I'll somehow manage.
That's it. I have decided. Not going to support piracy anymore. Going to delete all the songs that I have.
guys check out TouchPal. @kgdinesh
where r those sad songs when u want to listen to them?
the worst thing feeling is when ur life sucks n u get to know that its you, who is responsible for it.
hmmm. these school kids are from SBOA.
dear friends, first stop cheating in exams. u can then complain about corruption in the country. #dirtonyourback
dirtonyourback
nice. a lot of school children on a visit to the library. their teachers accompanying them. :-)
lol at kamal hassan's hypocrisy. :-D
wow! congrats to everyone at ur home! congrats, chithappa! :-)
TIL that AVL in AVL trees stand for Adelson-Velskii and Landis.
Yuvan Shankar Raja brays like a donkey. abaswaram max!
i am qualified to be a Radio Jockey. all i have to do is be my usual self n blabber continuously.
these lights in the library that switch on automatically when someone approaches them are #win.
win
at the same time, there are few ppl who can explain stuff superbly! and is one of them.
he wasnt even bothered to confirm whether I understood that concept or not.
just read up on a topic that one of my nerdy friends had tried explaining earlier. realized how bad he was at explaining.
Nice songs playing in the radio. :-)
awesome! at last, found some really awesome books on algos in this library! yay!
not able to view the comp properly. need to wear my glasses. finding it extremely difficult.
at Anna centenary library with parents, tweeting from my tab. :P
sigh. ended up watching dbz videos on youtube with bro.
will read that pdf on pattern matching using distributed systems. #readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
wth doesn't my twitter follower count ever reach 300? new ppl keep following me, but bots keep dropping out all the time. &amp;gt;290 for a month.
there. have planned whatever i want to do! NOW, HAVE TO EXECUTE MY PLANS!!! AAAAAAAA......... #panicmode
panicmode
got to plan! got to plan! GOT TO PLAN!!!
even during holidays, i panic!
i haven't still understood what to do for this webinar thingy.
spoj servers seem to be responding too slow today.
good morning folks. long time since i woke up this late.
this dungeon defenders second wave game on my android tab has been downloading stuff from the net for nearly a day! before it can start.
most probably going tomorrow with bro da.
never knew this! hover over the audio icon in the gnome taskbar and scroll using ur touchpad. the volume will change accordingly. naaice...
lol. #whattaman jagi.
whattaman
lol. no da. wondering how to solve a particular problem that i am facing. i solved it earlier. don't remember now.
done. ://t.co/bkNMFQJp
hmmm.
off to inox to watch tintin with bro.
rumors r tat they r selling it at a loss. they aim to make profit when ppl buy amazon stuff through it. u didn't knw that?
what no content? lol. what r u saying da?
not exactly. now ppl think amazon is the only contender to apple. samsung and asus beat the shit out of both.
lol. oh yeah. they NEED an iPad. alright.
please call!!
ppl buy an iPad bcoz they don't go to the market searching for a tablet. they want only an iPad n nothing else.
its just $199. why else do u think ppl were buying?
reviews say that there is no obvious difference in the speeds.
because its cheap da. u r talking as if other android tabs don't even have an android market.
dei, those amazon apps are android apps da! amazon didn't create those apps.
dei kindle fire runs on android da.
there is nothing professional about tabs. they are mainly for consuming multimedia. play games, watch movies.
that's exactly my point. u don't suggest ppl go buy something w/o giving an overall comparison. u r misleading them.
no. the reviewers don't give a damn about android tabs. ppl aren't aware of what's better. most sensible ppl go for android
kindle fire is no way a match for ipad2 da. and some android tabs are better than ipad2 too. i don't get u. wt u saying?
and u don't suggest someone to buy something w/o comparing to the rest of the available products.
not exactly. reviews were out long back. this is not the usual this-vs-that comparison. its buy this vs buy that.
irctc - &quot;Service Unavailable&quot;
as usual, irctc throwing up problems.
i think i'll root my phone before these hols end.
most of these blog articles about the ipad2 and kindle fire seem like paid articles to me. and they end up misleading everyone.
comparing the kindle fire with ipad 2 sounds ridiculous to me. maybe not to everyone though. there are better android tabs that beat both!!
good morning everyone! :)
lol. wait da worst fellows. i just love this waiting game! :) super build-up!
what should i do today?
its really dumb that ppl rate ipad 2 &amp;gt; kindle fire &amp;gt;&amp;gt; anything else. and that's what i call stupidity is.
never underestimate the stupidity of people.
Harvinder Singh is actually Ricky Ponting in disguise. push then, slap now.
seriously, ndtv. is a 30rd yr old guy referred to as a youth?
want to badly see a pic in which officer pike and sharad pawar are together. #macecop #pawarslap
macecop
pawarslap
chocobar! :D
time for a little codechef now.
done. replied to the 3rd person too. now to contact one important person.
second person contacted too. now for the third.
done. first person contacted. now for the second.
there. second done too. while i am doing the third, i have 3 ppl to reply to.
there. the first job is over. :) now for the second.
why twitter actually helps me: i imagine tweets to be slots and i manage my work in between them. how's that? #slottedaloha @unreachableHost
slottedaloha
hmmm. i am clocking my all time high in typeracer but the whole thing leaves me v unsatisfied. off to those 3 things now.
hmmm. 3 things to finish in the next half an hour. but before that, typeracer!
realized that twitter actually helps me manage things.
after so many days, nay, months, i have never felt so inspired to get back to coding!
for 7 days out of the past 9 days, I've been waking up at 4. tomo also same. #exhausted
exhausted
its really good da. the tablet experience. i wouldn't be able to compare tablets, but this is realy good!
wow! this tablet experience is outrageously good!!
got into bus at last!
wow! 21g! ...going in the other direction.
waiting for 21g now...
nasty auto driver. kalaaichutarama! po po.
I expected jayalalitha to have replaced these bed bugs in tnstc buses as they were present during the dmk regime too.
&quot;tambaram tambaram!&quot; ok ok mr.conductor, I am awake now. been awake almost the whole night.
I wonder why I should pay so much for a seat when they can't even keep it free of bed bugs.
why is my phone battery draining like crazy???
some things happen. some things don't. life is one strange game.
the bigger ur plans are, the harder they collapse.
those idiots at facebook seem to have deleted my account!
will be off twitter for the next one week. so then. ta ta. bye for now. #exams
exams
Good morning twitter! :)
haven't studied this sincerely in years! feels nostalgic.
will stop studying for the day, spend time on twitter for a while, and then go to sleep.
noooooooooooooooooo!!!
#machanIf there is 'parsi'ng, then why isn't there any hinduing, musliming or christianing? #runsaway
machanIf
runsaway
but with the state of my stomach in recovery mode, i dare not try anything ambitious!
hungry! right time to go munch on something perhaps?
there it is. one of the &quot;jayalalitha extra-special&quot; powercuts to her loyal citizens. :/
how will you verify that it is allowed in the court? don't want you to get into trouble.
love your tweets. please keep us updated.
oooh. its analysis and synthesis phase. and not synthesis and optimization phase as i thought earlier.
and there'll be a powercut in 10 min. darn.
operation: dist-comp. duration: next 2.5 days. resource: brain. target: these ebooks. will i succeed? let's go! BHARATH MATHA KI JAI!
thanks! :)
the best part is, i wouldn't have bought a tab if i knew earlier that i wud get selected. now i'm selected and i have bought the tab too! :D
my belief in God just shot up to a new maximum! :D
woohoo! selected for the next icpc round. :)
it is during powercuts like these that i wish that i had my galaxy tab 750 with me. can study from it anywhere.
cha. i have begun to complain a lot. who's to blame? not me. :P
anirudh24seven
first, flipkart sent me a faulty tab. then icpc amritapuri ppl haven't called r team. &amp; nw i realize that LFY hasn't shipped my t-shirt yet.
receiving poor service from different organizations for no particular reason. :(
three cheers for @flipkart! they delivered the replacement galaxy tab 750 today! but i'd have to wait for 2 weeks to use it though...
although the tab is in good condition, one of the samsung seals were broken again. but the other seal kept the casing closed.
i got news that the replacement Galaxy Tab 750 arrived today and its in good condition. thank you. :)
my tip was published in the Tips and Tricks section last month but I was never contacted for the T-shirt. Can u look into it?
as always, i would suggest vim. but u might have to install a few plugins too, to make it more convenient.
need a break!
wow! twitter introduces something new after a long time. Activity! :)
omg! big news! teams from r coll ranked behind us r getting calls from acm amritapuri ppl. y haven't we got any, yet? wil v even get a call?
there. cleaned my room. washed my face. prayed for a while. lit an agarbathi. gonna start studying now. :)
should stop trying to go to sleep and start studying
wth! i shouldn't feel sleepy now!! what's wrong with me??
twitter and reddit don't prevent me from studying. they prevent me from dozing off.
even though I didn't get my tab, had a jolly, happy weekend at home. :) was worth it.
are funny tweets on juniors allowed? :D :P ;)
how have u prepared for compiler lab exam da?
i faced the same problem too. but strangely, when u go to d market and lookup google+, it shows an update option. updating nw.
damn. everything going totally the wrong way.
which also means that i've nothing else to do but just shut up and study
so, although they were v nice and immediately ordered a replacement, it still means that my plan to get it by this weekend failed.
just went and saw in my flipkart account that they had placed an order for the replacement. dunno when i'll get it though. mostly tue/wed.
had a perfectly bad day.
1 of ur executives said tat a replacement would be shipped tonight &amp; i'll get a mail regarding it. haven't got it yet. status plz?
they understood that i had a genuine problem and agreed to ship it by tonight itself, even though it is a difficult procedure! wow!
omg! service is truly awesome! they have agreed to ship it by tonight itself! brilliant!!
i can take pics of the screen of the tab that i received and send it across if you want. if that will help in any way...
why? why does this happen to me???
next 2 days hols as well. so, i surely can't get my tab before leaving home. and i'll be back only on the 23rd. which is upsetting... :(
kinda heartening to realize that their customer service is good. but some mistake somewhere and i'm the one affected by it. :(
they were kinda surprised that the seal within the flipkart packaging was broken. i am surprised too! some1 has packaged a bad box.
got another call from flipkart. they have agreed to look into the issue. but not possible to get a replacement by today. :(
i dont wanna take this with me now da. its not a new order. its a replacement na. need to give this back to get a new one.
bad bad day...
that means that i wouldn't be able to use it until my sem exams get over and my hols begin! need not have come back home this weekend. :(
have contacted customer service who duly apologized and agreed to replace it. but wouldn't get a replacement until tuesday. :(
and the tablet's screen has a few marks on it too! never expected such a poor service from @flipkart!
ouch!! after hours of waiting, i get a galaxy tab 750 box with broken seals from @flipkart! shocked!!
not yet. the chennai flipkart facility has received mine a few minutes back, though. courtesy: track ur shipment feature.
32k in flipkart.
i think interviewstreet. @kgdinesh
galaxy tab 750 (10.1)
back home :)
signs of tiredness creeping in
meanwhile, iris is still up n running. :P #siridown
siridown
mokka pasanga. they complain abt the coll n claim that they want to leave it asap n now they talk abt senti feelings! #hypocrites
hypocrites
lol. hearing news that siri is down! :P
hope flipkart doesn't be over sincere n deliver my tab tomo itself. I don't want my bro to open it before I reach home.
ppl dont understand the meaning of a choice. u can choose to stay or leave. just dont stop others from leaving.
i don't understand when ppl complain to me when i criticize some1's views. they can have their views. so will i, about them.
soooo confused now! mind not working...
some indecent ppl opposing the new director's move citing pragyan, nittfest, symposium and senti feelings!!
new director therikka vidaraar! piri man! so many changes coming about in college!!
distributed computing, it is.
wow! a guy from just called me now to confirm my order. nice. :-)
guess, i'll go have my first proper meal of the day now.
ordered a galaxy tab 750 at last, now. :)
sigh...
hope I don't doze off now n miss my exam.
feeling feverish too. kinda scared. this shouldn't be happening.
argh! why doesnt everything happen the way it is supposed to?
didnt have breakfast or lunch today. why then is my stomach paining?
now for the 'creative' part. meh.
google doesn't seem to give a damn for users with slow internet connection.
ordering it on flipkart tomorrow. will most prolly get it by this weekend then.
got that creative writing assignment to complete now.
the first thing i'll do after getting my galaxy tab 750 would be to test the wordpress app n start working on it!
same here
i m writing an assignment with the help of the light from my lappy because of powercut. somebody give me a medal please.
woke up from an extremely long nap. which means that i've got to start on assignments now.
there. much better now after wearing my glasses.
having more problems with eyesight. guess i need to start wearing my specs more regularly now.
seri. washed those clothes now. what do i do next?
am so absent minded. forgot to dry those clothes that i had soaked yesterday morning! they stink now! :(
hope u know about the oil slick problem with so many galaxy tab 10.1 models globally. what abt the ones available at flipkart?
twitter on opera turbo mode keeps getting reloaded again and again, making it nearly unusable! i wonder why.
now that galaxy tab 10.1 is in line for ICS update, i'm surely gonna get one within a week!
hi. wouldn't it be a long time before Asus Transformer 2 (Prime) launches in india? what will the tentative pricing be?
what u doing da? i m v bored.
as rightly said, i feel a myriad of emotions every instant.
it is mildly surprising to note that we came extremely close to solving one more problem in both contests.
no no. just realized that i had stopped coding for myself &amp; was just trying to win contests. gonna change tat attitude. :)
dei dei. i am talking about coding/programming da!
?
lol. that's the source. but that isn't the reason. :)
ah. inner peace at last! :)
the next few hours will determine my actions for the next few months.
sigh...
my spider senior surath (ex-presi) got placed in google today! :)
i didn't miss anything important today, right?
Immortals of Meluha was a worthy read.
got a lot of work to finish by monday. i better start today.
the nitt gtug website is up! ://t.co/ZSHtIRKA
yes da. am coming only tomorrow.
argh! just found out the mistake made in problem E of amrita icpc online round! stupid mistake in logic! @ashwinjagadeesh
well said. #ubunturage ://t.co/gpEYRX1E
ubunturage
extremely irritated. but I'm not leaving home tonight. get lost college!
damn. my class rep tells me now that there is a submission tomorrow! I hate my college!
oh. that's the only reason is it? then I surely want to bunk tomorrow.
nope. I didn't. y u leaving today then? I was thinking of bunking tomo but haven't decided.
what about compilers program? submission tomo right?
vim golf! :) ://t.co/V67merA9
when u going to college?
is it my slow internet connection or are there any problems with the #NokiaWorld live streaming website?
NokiaWorld
wth! the #nokiaWorld live webcast page says that webcast limit has been reached! i cant view anything. this is stupid.
nokiaWorld
that was one extremely long nap that I had! slept for so many hours!
and of course, happy deepavali!! :)
so tired! wont be able to stay awake even for 1 more minute! good night everyone! #exhausted
exhausted
have requested for a better url for the nitt gtug website. meanwhile, the unofficial url is: ://t.co/UPWwDerO
photos on gtug website have been uploaded. :)
i shouldn't be tired now but i am. every1 at home already gone to sleep.
working on the gtug website now. uploading the gtug kickoff photos to the site as well.
i give up. i am not going to download ubuntu 11.10 now with this slow net connection at home.
this tiwary fellow has no control over his bowling. tossing up diwali sweets for the english batsmen.
personally, i don't like unity or gnome-shell but i heard that 11.10 provides a better experience on netbooks than 11.04.
downloading ubuntu 11.10 now. planning to put it on my pendrive and test it out on my mom's netbook and show her how awesome ubuntu is. ;)
india needs a wicket. quick.
exactly!
its been a really long time since i bought some book. especially a comp sci book.
got myself a jeans pant for tomo and a few books on comp sci as well. :)
back home after shopping. :)
did that loooong ago.
oops. spent all my time on google+ now. got to start.
going to attempt a few problems related to segment trees now.
woke up at last!
I prefer g+ over fb becoz I can hv healthy discussions on technology on g+ while friends n relatives on fb think tat i'm spammin their walls
what plans for the day? :)
back home :)
happy birthday da! :-)
was made to shift to the adjacent seat with problems in my sleepy state. woke up now n politely asked him for my original seat. he agreed.
checking twitter through sms.
machi, noone in our wing n ur clothes and umbrella seemed unsafe outside. have put them in my room.
who's going to watch the new srk movie? No.One. @Laugh_Riot
don't worry. ur team itself is a joke. :P #justkidding #runsaway
justkidding
runsaway
doesn't it even cost the usual rate?
been an extremely long time since i had a decent internet connection...
thanks. i think i'll wait.
i think i should go and sleep once again now. feel as if i bumped my head against a brick wall.
2 hours of powercut over. when will the next one be?
what a dumb government! we are having 3 times more power cuts than what we used to have!
when in india?
i have been eyeing the galaxy tab 750 (10.1&quot;) for a long time now. shall i go ahead and buy it?or should i wait for an ics tablet?
power cut?? now?? why???? :(
yay! power back!
damn!! powercut! won't come back surely for an hour now. :-(
dei, i meant study for tomo's exam da. mobile computing.
time to get up and study
power went at 6 am. :-/ hope it comes back at 8.
it says that my prev tweet was through ubuntu. oh well.
what is this twitter client? gwibber? just found it in my panel bar.
disable. u can hide them. that's just abt it.
both the have the same low baritone kind of a start. :) @techrsr
1440 twitter users make an eench. :P @kgdinesh
shhh apple fan boys. its our turn now. #android
android
Tango supports video chat in android phones with just a camera at the back!
congrats!! :D
iris is awesome! for those who haven't used it, it is the equivalent of siri on iphone, for android. and it was built in just 8 hours!!
love the tune. :) #kolaveri
kolaveri
I find so many ppl around me use :wq for save and exit, instead of :x. How do I effectively convince them to use :x?
does a concept of exploiting sms's to compromise mobile phones, exist? @_iakkom
kili-tas.
Hard earned parottas
when they ask me why I got low marks, I'll point a finger and say, &quot;these buhari fellows pa. go on. arrest them.&quot;
these buhari fellows are worst, I say.
is back to my usual abnormal self. :P
dunno what to feel. :|
i want to do something about it!
am so pissed off that we might not make it!
is selection for on-site going to be the 1st team from each college and then rank-wise allocation if slots are available?
sigh.
&quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot; is an anagram of &quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot;.
.skype, viber, fring, nimbuzz, tango and so many other options. what do we go with?
.i would at least need such an app to contact u ppl w/o knocking on your doors everytime.
we need not pay these carriers if we wanna call each other.
.://t.co/xdmlNbuE
.://t.co/xdmlNbuE
dear friends w/ android, y don't we all start usin some phone-call-thru-internet app like skype, viber, etc? wud be gr8 if all of us hv it.
Opera, both desktop and mobile is built for the masses.
that was one insanely long nap that i had.
love the vishnu sahasranamam recitation by T.S.Ranganathan. awesome voice. spiritual feeling.
?
wud like to knw wthr thr hav been incidents where &amp;gt;1million ppl using GSM roaming mobiles meetin up in a location hv crashed a VLR. @_iakkom
dear iPhone 4S user, if u bought it just to be in an 'elite' crowd, u sure are arrogant.
Damn these powercuts!
gave a 2 hour talk on android at nitt-gtug kickoff event now. abt 100 ppl turned up.
nitt gtug successfully started off today!
NITT GTUG Kickoff event today. gonna give a talk on Android.
someone will fork it da. if noone does, i will.
what???????? nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
no option for gnome 2 classic?
coughing like crazy!
awesome article!
#dell
dell
websites need to provide something between actual websites and a mobile site for users like me on a slow internet connection.
in fact, i/o operations aren't natively supported by c.
many updates to Ritchie's death with a printf statement. on a different note, printf isn't natively supported by c, right? we need stdio.h.
All I can think of now, is food. Off to grab something to eat.
using free wifi from clc now.
what a stupid boring class!
couldn't go less than 303 bytes. hmmm...
i give up! i can't write the soln in &amp;lt;256 bytes.
these problems are so hard that even the editorials for them make little sense!
thanksu pa!
My tip got published in this month's lfy magazine. I remember sending it in months ago!
ah. last bench after a long time.
no water anywhere? that's insane!
voted now. :)
not feeling productive? start studying for exams. your productivity in other activities would dramatically increase.
Dart! #google
google
woke up at last!
tried the android yoga app?
What everyone is too polite to say about steve jobs. ://t.co/FF3ljxGR
it used to be. long ago, march used to be the first month of the year. jan and feb were added later. sept=7 oct=8 nov=9 dec=10
oops. thursday perhaps?
will intro to android be enough? planning to make it short and simple as all of us have CT's next week.
they expect us to conduct a kickoff session before wednesday. i think we'd be able to do it.
will tuesday be fine? We need to get permission for venue n put up posters too tomo. suggestions?
suggestions for gtug kickoff event?
Thank you for the private beta invite! ://t.co/1GPO8eU9
.is brilliant!
Am watching that recording of Dalai Lama &amp; Desmond Tutu hangout now. ://t.co/kwPhdAP9
btw, i want to know which book to study compilers from.
this might be a bit long. u can just skim through though. ://t.co/x3MIHPfi
it IS tough. but spending time with it improves your style of coding in procedural based languages.
wow! the haskell session at today's ilugc meet was awesome!
at the ilugc meeting now. was discussing abt scalable systems earlier. discussing about RoR now.
Samsung and google postponing their conference due to jobs death. Apple themselves wouldn't do such a thing.
getjar \m/
://t.co/woaM7zL4 makes typing easier and quicker!
i think i'll attend the ilugc meet today. its been a long time...
tried SwiftKey x?
SwiftKey x is super awesome! Free on getjar!
my brother is still active on orkut!
got my gsoc t-shirt and certi now! here's my certi. ://t.co/4qc3vWF4
nice. :)
never! i say, never!
omg! woke up to the bad news now. RIP Steve Jobs. :(
why do i prefer twitter and google+ over facebook? because most of the posts on fb are not even worth looking at.
some ppl will watch any form of cricket. even something as bad as a champions league match that doesn't involve any of the teams u support.
golden rule on the internet: never argue w/ morons and noobs. oh yeah, moronic noobs too.
Gaah! Exaggeration! Y.YOU.EXIST??
if this goes any further, i am gonna start a series of guest rage comics.
my mom interrupts my 4 hour sleep and asks me to get ready to meet navarathiri guests. one more reason for me to dislike guests.
Johny English Reborn is one awesome movie! Enjoyed it with friends. :-)
exactly!
and after so many months, apple comes out with a copy of samsung galaxy s2.
nice that express avenue provides free wifi for 2 hours.
does the movie at EA plan still exist? plz keep me updated.
good morning tweeps. :-)
a third yr just now came up to me and asked authoritatively whether i was a second yr. bulbed him with the truth.
gonna reach central bus stand, trichy.
just like every centOS fan would be happy with a redhat release, i am happy that iphone5 is coming. #android
android
&quot;a faceless enemy is the most dangerous.&quot; #apple
apple
&quot;there are so many awesome open source projects online that, to simply waste one's time is a sin. go contribute!&quot;
when will google come up with an equivalent of amazon silk?
its fun to travel as long as u dont have to drag a strolley along.
#f8fefc? (tumblr's) @ferozenaina
f8fefc
gotta go have lunch but this lathangi piece by U Srinivas is holding me back. #whattaman
whattaman
can't read the text clearly though. color of fonts can be lighter. @sathya3445
be at irc://freenode/nitt from now on. we'll chat.
twidge is written in haskell. must learn haskell then.
huge weekend coming up. from tomo till sunday. #dussehraholidays
dussehraholidays
good morning folks! :)
what a day! got flamed by almost everyone!! :-/
checking out twidge once again.
this month is gonna be big. last shot at ACM ICPC.
did you check ur room number on ur door? i changed it today morning. :P
where are you?
and of course, a good amount of sleep can lead to happiness too. :P
just re-learnt one important lesson today. happiness isn't always defined by happy incidents. sometimes, peace and calm lead to happiness.
thanks to for enabling access to ~145 GB of space in my system. :)
listening to Saraswatipriya alapana. never heard this before. always feels good to listen to a new raaga.
shankarabharanam alapana by L.Subramaniam is so comforting and heavenly! :)
Radiance theme in ubuntu is really good. :)
seriously, today has been one of the worst days ever. only good part is, i kinda felt yday, that today would be bad. don't ask me why.
of course, we lost too. but again, that is usual. don't feel that i am worthy of selection. let at least others get a chance.
went to play with a team full of bowlers, never got a chance to bowl, got bowled golden duck. worst of all, i snapped n fought wd d captain.
of course, that decision has got everything to do with me, rather than anything/anyone else. #disappointed
disappointed
worst day of cricket ever! i hereby quit playing cricket at NIT Trichy.
worst monday morning ever!!
clarification: &quot;msp program&quot; meant &quot;applying for msp program&quot; in my prev tweet.
2nd step of msp program hopefully over. can concentrate on icpc preparations properly now.
at code obfuscation finals now. #shaastra
shaastra
of course, it also means that there is a lot of opportunity for the rest of mankind.
have lost hope in mankind. almost everyone wants to #timepass all the time!
timepass
but why code heavily during powercut/travel. 1 Lappy + 1 netbook seems to be a good idea.
u guys can get a netbook...
got selected for code obfuscation finals. that means i have to go back to iit-m for #shaastra today...
shaastra
thanks to for submitting my mobile computing classwork today! :)
keywords of talks that crowds are always attracted to: 1. Hacking 2.Android #lessonslearned #shaastra
lessonslearned
shaastra
insane crowd for the android dev lecture by @lut4rp!! #shaastra
shaastra
will play maybe after icpc.
at an awesome talk by arvind gupta at #shaastra. this guy: ://t.co/CfbSc97Q
shaastra
ah. this guy is showing why one compromise can bring everything down.
so, he makes a guy click a shortened url which hides a js code that steals cookies. #ok
ok
lol. this guy is phishing some random guy in an ethical hacking lecture! #shaastra
shaastra
wait! this guy is supposed to talk abt ethical hacking. sigh. these things always suck.
why cant these #shaastra ppl provide internet connection for organizers from outside?
shaastra
dumb talk on ethical hacking going on at #shaastra.
shaastra
damn! these idiots cant stop misusing the term 'hack'! #disgusted
disgusted
at iitm now. #shaastra
shaastra
back home! :)
overslept, woke up at koyambedu, caught a bus to t nagar n waitin here now! what a start to the day!
not many ppl in the setc bus that i am travelling in. #thursday
thursday
Off to central bus stand, trichy.
mokkai class. no attendance too. :-(
omg! its gururaj!
decided not to go to shaastra but stay in coll today. few unfinished businesses.
happens to me almost all the time in this slow, dumb internet connection that i have.
they should declare 10 days holidays for colleges during dussehra and navarathri. can eat sundal at home, then.
insects all over the place! so switched to a dark twitter theme.
how many of you know that NIT Trichy has its own Google Technology User Group from today? join right away! groups.google.com/group/nitt-gtug
Zynga profits dive 95%, no new games to blame ://t.co/UvgWKNcv
damn! slept for &amp;gt;4 hours!!
of course the mobile desktop twitter widget is awesome too!
GO launcher is truly awesome! love the cartoon theme on my android!
pettai rap and urvasi urvasi! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;chikku bukku chikku bukku raile!!!&quot; #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;arabikkadalorum&quot; now! :-) #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
lol. they said they'll sing a hindi song, sang one line, went to english n then tamil now! no hindi! lol. bulb! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
wth!! what is he singing?? &quot;papa is happy when the food is on the table&quot; ??? #randomsong #festember
randomsong
festember
got into barn after 1.5 hours of waiting! disgusting! #festember
festember
when leaving for barn?
tried to reverse tether my android. #fail so far.
fail
dozed off for a while...
i dont wear glasses regularly. so changed my profile pic almost everywhere.
what?
not got anything to do with padippu machi.
changed my twitter dp to another old one.
had planned to go watch/attend a few events today morning. ended up in spider labs instead...
1.2 Mbps!!
power back. off to spider labs! :)
will put the source code online of course! :) will blog about in a few hours when I come back from festember...
of course, am a final year student. so noone would depend on me. :D
supposed to help others in arranging events. boring non-tech stuff...
gotta have lunch and leave for festember soon. yawn...
spent all morning w/o breakfast to write a python script to retrieve all 50 odd topcoder algorithm tutorial articles. will blog abt it soon.
at barn hall now with friends. #festember
festember
classes over for the day. yay!
can diaspora make an impact in this world of twitter-google+-facebook?
why no article on how fb copying most of google+? would love to see one.
never underestimate a product.
its so silent that i can hear laughing for jokes in the movie that he's watching...
started on 5 drawings for assignment. :-) would have continued if not for this unscheduled powercut...
time for an haircut? yeah!!
u can set passwords for ur androidAP connection da.
bunking all morning classes today. :P
updating my google+ android app now. :)
horrible timetable for tomorrow. planning to bunk a lot.
problems with setuptools while setting up trac on remote system without internet connection ://t.co/LrjjIu3T
today's div 2 srm was kinda tough. must practise more..
:-)
when nobody is nice to you, there is nothing you can do, but just move on. #thathuvam
thathuvam
what can be worse than bad teachers? bad classmates.
11 points increase. ok. i'll take it. at least it has increased...
hmmm. should have started the 900 point problem earlier. seemed easy. wasted too much time on the 600 point problem. its okay. #topcoder
topcoder
reserve your username at ://gkl.st/2 here is mine ://t.co/JrFB79xL
tc srm 519 in an hour...
hard work pays! yeah!!
they tell me that there is no curd rice after billing me for it! eating lemon rice now. sigh...
learnt something new now. hopefully the first good thing that has happened to me so far, today.
yes!! yes yes yes! understood at last!
ouch. my back aches now.
i wish something good would happen now...
just what i wanted. google search provides results from a few social networks. ://t.co/j4yxzE4D
a bright, wonderful monday morning! looking forward to an exciting week! :)
Damn. My gprs has begun to cost me now. Wth is  happening? Stupid airtel!
had weird dreams. strangely, i think i had similar dreams years ago. good morning tweeps.
opinions change with experience. #thathuvam
thathuvam
'Best apps' is one of the best apps out there on the android market. a must try for android users.
when will i ever learn to not talk to strangers?
facebook is for braggarts. twitter is for chatterboxes. but there is a bit of both inside every one of us.
windows. open?? oh. u dont mean the OS. let me go back to what i was doing...
cant sms. :-( at least can tweet...
rameshwaram exp
piri man da nee. :-)
and rameshwaram exp has started. got my ticket checked now, too.
and that leaves 4 rupees as balance. strangely costing me 1 rupee per sms, now. cant sms any1 too. cha.
oh. lol. thought u saw me.
yep. am wearing a grey t shirt.
wth! my current gprs plan is different from my original gprs plan. so 60 bucks detected from balance now. :-(
in one of those nice coaches with power sockets all over the place. :-)
windows 8?
uninstallation done.
i'm going to say goodbye to this macbuntu theme and return to good ol' ubuntu's 'Ambiance' theme.
y u so scared? @viveksundarm
YEAHHHH!!!!!! my ubuntu is back! triple booting ubuntu 11.04, windows 7 and windows 8 dev preview now. :)
off to the Startup Center for Mobile Monday on a Saturday. #MoMo
MoMo
damn! i cant even use a computer without my glasses! everything seems more blurred w/o them.
what is happening? seeing more icons on my start menu now. #w8dp
w8dp
good morning tweeps. back home safely. :)
lol.
lol. he started the conversation first!
lol. was talking abt android to some random stranger in the town bus to trichy. felt good.
good to see new, clean seat covers on this setc bus. :-)
i want my ubuntu back! missing it already :'( @_iakkom
nice. :-) how abt putting it on wikileaks?
nee verumna paathundu thaan iruppa. @_iakkom
wait. how is that apps are closing now in windows 8 dp, if i press alt+F4? this wasn't working yday.
feeling much better after that deep sleep... :)
one guy is calling wipro, infosys, cts and tcs as the &quot;venerable big four&quot;!!
haha. true. not comfortable on desktops/laptops. i was comparing its start menu with older versions of windows. :-)
must've listened to mankatha theme song &amp;gt;30 times since afternoon. too good. thanks to @_iakkom.
like my mob's new screen guard. :-)
haha! 2 of my batchmates professing their love to each other over facebook!
windows 8 might not be the most comfortable or customizable OS that i have ever seen, but it surely one of the best! damn intuitive!
loving windows 8 developer preview on a fast internet connection. :)
is on a photo walk around the campus with a 5mp camera. :-P
sure! :-)
first tweet from Tweet:)
after 2 hours of chaotic comedy with @viswanathgs, and finally @_iakkom, got windows 8 dev preview workin on my lappy. :-)
HURRAY!! downloaded windows 8 developer preview. was so tensed that the sha1 checksums might not match! they did! yay!!
its at 99% now!! :)
I hereby declare war!! on my laziness!!
been a long time since i felt this pathetic!! :|
if I buy the galaxy tab 750 from your website, how do I avail that vodafone plan?
i really must start solving these 1000 point problems!! not even attempting them... :(
i think i'll go to spider labs now n put windows 8 on download. will be having lunch at vasantham n will come to class from there.
ya. its huge! i dunno whether 3 hours would be sufficient to download it with the internet speed over there...
not yet. it just released a while ago. will do it today. lots of great feedback abt it. tempted to bunk web class today. :-P
lol. smell of books for e-books! :D ://t.co/mq7E7x2
ah. i think i'll replace that third partition in my system containing fedora 15 now, with windows 8 developer preview.
damn. just when i was abt to order an android tablet, they release windows 8. looks very promising, i must say! #build
build
i just love this metro UI!
i was beginnin to wonder why i wanted an android tab. jus remembered that it was because i wanted to optimize wordpress for android tablets!
good morning tweeps. feeling great in the morning after a long time. had a good night's sleep. :-)
for once i am glad that my room is warm..
shipped my gsoc code to google today. yay!
make way for minus! ://t.co/oHavlbe
OUCH! ://t.co/cFPC8eA
whew. just confirmed that today is the soft deadline.
Awesome news abt delicious  ://t.co/Qdr9nv8
i dont want to go to the only theory class of today. boo hoo. #boring
boring
no revolutionary news in tech for the past few days. #boring
boring
there is a huge difference between teasing among friends and slander on a public forum.
it need not even be written by the same person. multiple ppl using hashtags, maybe?
no. u didnt get me. a series of tweets that make up a short story.
readin abt data mining. i dont want all info. just want necessary info tht i need frm this book. i.e.data mine this book on data mining.
how about using twitter as a medium to write/narrate short stories? there would be live feedback as well. @kgdinesh
every raagam/song sounds good if the singer sings it that way.
bouli is awesome. kalpana swarams in it are even more awewome.
me thinks tht me will take a break from swype and use the samsung soft-keyboard in landscape mode instead...
This book on How Children Learn Language by William O'Grady is just awesome!
and advised me not to have too much of this kesari. I should've listened.
ah. I think I would have to use my laptop today.
Ah. I always thought that no1 looked at this perspective for nlp. But found a book. &quot;How children learn language&quot; by william o grady. Nice.
mobile twitter is faster than twitter apps mainly because u don't see profile pics in it.
ah. almost. but not for programming purposes...
topcoder da. was talking about yday's srm.
played games on mobile, listened to the radio. came to library about an hour back. reading a few interesting stuff.
I have challenged myself not to open my laptop today. going good so far.
oh yes. I think I will learn hindi.
ah. ok.
oh. I thought the aim was to spread knowledge. cha.
I don't understand. Why aren't all academic research papers available online for free?
why is it that I wake up so late on Sundays? anyway, good morning tweeps.
i am not even attempting this 1000 point problem.
1000pt problems. Y.YOU.SO.HARD??
3 more hits and my blog will reach 6k hits. :P ://t.co/j2gXjeo
ivar apudiye police u. naanga thirudanaama. i need to 'accept' facts aam. ensuring that justice is served via facebook.
lol at he doubts my credibility.
Onaan inside spider labs. Lol.
where did you buy? how much?
The quickest and most reliable way of accessing twitter on my android is the mobile website.
The English cricket team would love the name of the next version of Android. #jellybean
jellybean
time to begin. #coding
coding
lol. thu.
do indians still watch cricket??
been receiving a lotta visits on my blog for the past few days. naice...
u disgusting ppl. one placed in an electrical company and another a EEE student...
i increase the entropy of the universe by adding unknown but interesting ppl into my &quot;Random&quot; circle on google+.
wait. i've been spending so much time on google+ that i haven't even noticed twitter for a while now...
summa verupethifying. :P
yay!
awesome da!
I can either continue to laze around in my room like this or go to Spider labs and work properly. I choose the latter.
70467 in racing moto! muhahaha! beat that, @_iakkom!
&quot;yethi yethi&quot; on radio now. brings back first year memories...
Heading to trichy with comp sci classmates for treat.
Yay! Installed Paper Camera for free from getjar! It IS as awesome as everyone claim it to be!
i think my twitter page looks better now :) #allwhite
allwhite
listening and singing along to &quot;mazhai varudhu mazhai varudhu&quot; on infinite loop. wingmates feeling...
I better stop snoozing and start rising... Good morning tweeps.
First we called him Jagadeesh. Then Jagi. And then Jag. Now, we don't call him anymore. :P  @Satish_NR
@_iakkom: when u guys leaving?
I love distributed computing but this class is boring...
I wonder how patents are granted to apple for some really silly stuff. Something v fishy...
Restore and Preserve Page State for Windows Phone 7.5 or Mango Phone ://t.co/FRJjEed /via @wordpressdotcom
is at a new low. fresh beginnings ahead... #hope
hope
either i am missing out on something or people are not listening to me...
i am still out here!
i want those qsn papers!
btw, change your username to something else da. please.
have a look. ://t.co/cUq0ksk
have u seen videos of windows phone 7 mango? it seems twitter and facebook have been integrated into it! looks good. :)
how abt creating a distro just for social purposes?
ah. doesn't seem to be tweeting. and that can mean only one thing. HE'S STUDYING!!!
specific cd or all cds? which version of ubuntu?
i got a good internet connection now. yeah!
3g connection! Y.YOU.FAIL.ME?
i think u have given me only one koshtin paper containing 40 koshtins...
hey. yeah, it was. :)
Off to creative writing 'exam' now...
I don't like these horrible tamil film songs that they play in these buses. That too this early in the morning!
some of my friends are scared/irritated that unknown people add them on google+. and they do have twitter acccounts! #hypocrites #fb
hypocrites
fb
mobile computing is pretty interesting...
i asked how ur preparation is, da.
Am at chennai occ now. Looking at some very interesting startup products...
boarded train? How is ur preparation da?
ok.
just realized that vasanth's link was the ebook that u had already given to me. ma'am mentioned some other book right? wt abt that?
12 crore zeros perhaps?
.seems to be studying a lot. no tweets for quite some time now... dei, anyway u r S grade in mobile da.
lol.
Awesome experience at nerd dinner chennai today!
yep. he never attended any class though. placements...
And the second event for the day is nerd dinner chennai. am already here. might start in a short while.
I am NOT going to watch another tamil movie for a looooong time!!
i should start studying for monday's &quot;Mobile Computing&quot; exam, now. but i think i'll try to come up with a windows phone 7 app now...
and the first event for the day is mankaatha! booked tickets yday night...
good morning tweeps. :) have 2 events planned for the day...
://t.co/eEFDD3X
good night folks. not sleepy but i think i'll play around with my mobile before going to sleep. c ya.
dear apple, go die! ://t.co/ZeN9AnS
lol! bing and google plus. ://t.co/Cbs78Qj
and oh, yeah. epic fail today. thought that 1530 UTC meant 11pm Indian time!
back home... :)
samsung launched some new products today. maybe, postponing my decision to buy the galaxy tab was an awesome decision after all...
refer my prev tweet.
Galaxy Ace - Gingerbread update ://t.co/ZCevKQj
there seems to be only post/site online that has taken notice of the galaxy ace gingerbread update in india! sad...
the world looks much better when u upgrade your android device... have a great morning everyone!
dunno what feels better. gingerbread or triple sixes by dravid...
Yes. :-)
am now running gingerbread on my ace. :)
yay! heard that gingerbread official update is available for galaxy ace in india now!! woot! @_iakkom
with toshiba, amazon and sony entering the market, the consumers stand to gain...
reason being, there aren't too many android tabs out in the market yet. more competition means better products and cheaper price.
argh! dilemma max! i think i will wait for a few months before buying the galaxy tab...
offline gmail is awesome! ://t.co/ROVS4jn
Only few hours remaining to convince me to not buy a galaxy tab 750. flipkart's offer gets over then.
Badminton, table tennis, pool and swimming with bro! Awesome experience!
google+ also supports j,k.
why isn't mangatha trending on twitter?
can never understand why some people do not allow others to dream big. #bro
bro
if i pre-order the Samsung Galaxy Tab 750 now, when will i get it?
not exactly. we've just found inner peace...
ah. that's ok. we know which coll is better... :)
the question is not &quot;will i&quot;, but &quot;when will i&quot;...
romba over! ://t.co/zG4pqSW
must start tracking time.
another reason why working on open source projects are awesome. u get to make good friends like :)
can someone invite me to quora? #quora
quora
tired. even twitter seems boring now...
Got to start studying now...
Anna becomes an icon, Irom Sharmila forgotten - India News - IBNLive ://t.co/UGKvaVD
for sms spam, smsBlocker is pretty good.
thanks! just now saw this tweet. got placed in microsoft about a month back...
apparently there's some random football match going on...
yay! can go study now!
lol. not yet. ;) :P
in fact, i was asked to upload it onto youtube.
and what's wrong with that?
my video for the microsoft student partner program: ://t.co/0FDLoQF :P
sadly, no irc client seems to be as awesome as chatzilla. makes me depend on firefox.
MUST.STOP.SINGING.ALONG! #canthelpit
canthelpit
in love with automata once again! :)
:D :P
dai! anyway, gnome2 still rocks! and echofon sucks because i'd have to use firefox.
and i just reached 2000 tweets with my prev tweet! :P
i salute medical students like who devote their time and lives to the welfare of other people! you rock!!
those students are of course, medical students!!
in midst of all this complaining, i can't help but feel amazed about a group of students. they study and they serve.
i bet some of my classmates are going through prev years kosthin papers now...
nee vera. i'd be studying for placements now, if so!
t2k is nearing... (tweet two thousand)
i wish companies that we got placed in, could just whisk us away from college right now and take us to their offices...
random songs on infinite loop...
i guess i must stop complaining and resume studying...
most of them might be studying even now. :(
it is ok with me to study, after getting placed. but i'd want to study something new. not old stuff!!
why isn't 'cycle test' trending on twitter? :|
have felt the same, over all these years... :|
can't believe that i have to study stuff that were taught 1.5 years ago! unfair! #automata
automata
of course, if i am really purchasing, it'd be only around december or later...
galaxy tabs 730 and 750, motorola xoom come with honeycomb. rumors abt toshiba coming up with a tab as well.
i did. confused over what to buy next. will give this ace to my dad if i go for nexus prime.
in fact, getting my first android, is indirectly the reason why i'm going for something next. #gsoc
gsoc
i might not buy at all too. kinda confused. might be receiving a windows phone 7 next year, to add to the confusion.
:P would be my response. #nocomments
nocomments
galaxy tab or nexus prime?? #confused
confused
huh?
RT twitter needs to make tagging not eat up the word count.
wow! the windows phone 7 emulator looks stunning. much better than the android one...
not if we dunno the answers while giving the exam...
Companies are like political parties. They can become a liability any time. Better not to talk about them at all.
on twitter? there's an @ Mentions tab below the &quot;What's happening?&quot; textbox. you can view tweets mentioning you, over there.
#ThankYouSteveJobsFor making everyone realize that every little detail on a product deserved the attention of a CEO. ://t.co/RJ7NlMb
ThankYouSteveJobsFor
realized that i've all along seen only from google's perspective. nice one. ://t.co/LL1rOSu #applevsgoogle
applevsgoogle
is now a gsocer... :)
just saw the news. awesome da! congrats! :)
awesome!!
fb - acquaintances
deadlock
today is friday. which means unlimited payasam in mess. Slurrppp!
awesome weather here at trichy!
good morning tweeps! :)
that worked! forgot to inform earlier...
that feeling u get when u realize u might have been wrong all along...
NVIDIA and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet + Tegra Zone power pack ://t.co/NY3qAtt Begin living life!
cycle tests coming up. will lower my twitter usage for the next few weeks.
check this. ://t.co/h9jXvD3
when I +1 something, do I say plus oned or plussed one?
am not gonna retweet funny/interesting tweets that might make me lose credibility. gonna +1 them instead.
&quot;Students, take your mobile out n check your IMEI number. Go on, do it.&quot; - prof in mobile computing class
just what i wanted! ://t.co/i8RmWRL @_iakkom
big news that was made while I was sleeping: Steve Jobs Resigns. hmmm... dunno how to react.
good morning tweeps! classes from 8.30 to 4 today...
didn't u just have dinner?
prof who teaches compilers keeps referring to automata all the time. and i don't remember most of it.
is planning to read automata all over again...
where art thou?
ah. yes. point taken.
i meant that this is comfortable too. so, no reason to not expect people to use it.
viewing conversations, images and videos are v comfy in the web...
got to add new photos to twitter asap!
just saw the time! gotta rush to class. dear followers, u have been saved, if u have not been bored to death already!
Who is suing who? ://t.co/RAZmfJu
Gold: Did You Know You Could Rip Apart Your Computer and Melt the Circuit Boards for Gold? - ://t.co/b9MqRZK
TIL that djvu is supposed to be pronounced as dejavu. makes more sense now...
ppl ought to realize that the 'good' guys are the bad guys and the 'bad' guys are the good guys. #random
random
if apple acquires twitter, i think i'll stop using it, as a sign of protest.
it seems i have tweeted &amp;gt;1000 tweets through the web interface. atleast one milestone reached before class, today...
ah. according to tweetstats, i tweeted more this month, than last month. and there's still a week left...
i admit defeat. i can't type too many tweets in a short span of time. i'd end up spamming people too.
and more importantly, most open source organizations have really nice ppl with whom you can interact with. #opensource
opensource
just realized that which organization you work for, doesn't matter much. whom you work with, does.
thanks! :)
i would really like if more of my friends use google+ regularly.
Hamirkalyani is an awesome raaga. #carnatic #music
carnatic
music
Android (Finally) Taking Steps Towards WebKit And&#160;Chromium via ://t.co/O7Ajxb5
and yeah. must begin studying for my cycle tests too. they start next week. secretly hope that they get postponed...
hmmm. i might have to do a video or a screencast of my gsoc project sometime soon. sounds good. will do it.
just noticed that my klout score seems to be rising quite steeply, of late...
84 tweets in 42 min?? that's 2 tweets per min. don't think i'd be able to reach 2000 tweets before morning class today...
thought that there will be a powercut at 8. nope. there isn't. yay!
Dhoni's preference: &quot;Veil, of course.&quot;
that completes one hour of trying to stay awake but dozing off. MUST.WAKE.UP!
i'd rather watch india's batting collapse, rather than see sachin score his 100th hundred in a losing cause in this shameful series.
open the innings. hit about half of the team's total. watch your mates get out. carry the bat. follow-on enforced. open the next innings.
can we see a 300+ score on the board now? plz plz.
dravid on 99...
&quot;Dravid might stay unbeaten this innings and have to come out again as an opener when India follow-on. That will require some real effort!&quot;
and gokulashtami poojai is on...
back to the old market.
microsoft does. :P
there's an app called smsBlocker on the android market that does that.
lol. hitler and hp. ://t.co/ivRSEY2
wow! just what I wanted! ://t.co/2QL7pZ4
what is that code in the background?
and why exactly am I not able to follow new people now?
and yeah, good morning folks. awesome weather at chennai...
twitter DOES need to roll out new features. improve lists, give some new designs, improve your people search, DO SOMETHING!!
Dash dot and more - Saar! Auto?: ://t.co/BRS5x9h
should write a twitter bot to find out which accounts are twitter bots.
lol. where do u search? twitter?
don't think so. they r emotionally drained after the world cup, kirsten's departure &amp; ipl. he would have taken care of tat.
really awesome! Clicking on hashtags seems to crash the app, though.
feels good to see some tweets abt myself. :P will retweet them now.
felt good to give a lightning talk at the #GTUGChn kickoff event today. :) #fb
GTUGChn
fb
that was an interesting video session with Shashank from Google. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
intro time. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
that is exactly what a service is!
and #GTUGChn kickoff has started. is delivering the keynote.
GTUGChn
why isn't any1 else tweeting about the gtug chennai kickoff event? #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
its actually &amp;gt; 150 million android activations now. :) #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
they're now playing that &quot;100 million Android activations&quot; video at #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
lol.
announcement by @ImKarthikK: #GTUGChn kickoff will start in 10 min. waiting for other enthusiasts.
GTUGChn
the first gtug chennai event is gonna start now... #GTUGChn #kickoff #fb
GTUGChn
kickoff
fb
New version of tweetdark free is much more awesome now!
Am at #GTUGChn now. With my parents. :P
GTUGChn
is it possible to get tickets for 2 people at the event? I have one and I'd be accompanying them.
any windows mobile/phone developers in India? whom can I connect with?
fake news: facebook buys palm. all social networks abuzz with 'facepalm' moments. @fakingnews
google+ completes me.
just woke up now n got to know about HP's future plans. BIG news.
good morning tweeps! have a wonderful day! :)
Conversation with Torvalds. ://t.co/GRySuUY
yikes! already 7 am! i can't stop reading these tech blogs.
not in the mood to go running now. will rather sit in room and code...
let us wait for it to dawn. we can at least see how wet the grounds are, behind our hostel. that'll give us some idea.
dunno. the ground might be wet. what shall we do?
good morning tweeps. :)
Long day...
Science: Five Little-Known Inventions From Deceased Robot Maker George C. Devol - ://t.co/4FPoXTj
haha ://t.co/uw3MDN8
even startup founders give lectures at UC Berkeley. so, my point is, becoming a prof is over-rated. i feel its not worth it.
twitter could do with a +1 button. i wouldn't want to favorite or retweet all interesting tweets.
and is awake now. can go jogging... :)
Kernel modules must have at least two functions: a &quot;start&quot; function called init_module() and an &quot;end&quot; function called cleanup_module()
ping me when u wake up. we'll go jogging.
oh, yeah. good morning tweeps. :)
Simply awesome - and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet ://t.co/Spdr4lQ. I hope I get one.
Will Google Lure Microsoft Into The Cellphone Briar&#160;Patch? via ://t.co/Qsm4feu
&#8220;Defending&#160;Android&#8221; via ://t.co/sqemUm1
something great is gonna happen today. i can sense it.
Apple&#8217;s Evidence In European Galaxy Tab Injunction Was Seriously Misleading&#8230; As In&#160;False via ://t.co/ebuFmyP
which one?
he got placed there? or is he our campus representative? @_iakkom
what is this about u and directi that i hear? @_iakkom
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE GOOGLE-MOTOROLA DEAL: Google Had To Do It--And It Could End Up Being A Disaster ://t.co/2UP6cXV
today's google doodle suddenly seems to look more like the motorola logo now...
maybe microsoft will acquire nokia now.
awesome news for google and android fans: google acquires motorola!
gonna make dosas of all varieties now... :)
eight tweets make a twyte.
what u upto, today?
good morning tweeps! :)
dad sure needs some rest now after driving for so long. as usual, i slept off during the boring parts of the journey. so, feeling fresh! :P
gosh! that trip to surutupalli was long, hot and tiring but it was fun and exciting at the same time too!
back home at last!
Off to surutapalli now.
finished gayatri japam now. :)
its my dad's bday today! happy birthday @simulation!
lol. what happened to gayatri japam? when u doing it?
its ok da. good morning! :)
i am NOT supposed to feel sleepy now after sleeping for such a long time today afternoon!! but i AM feeling sleepy...
u awake?
its goosebumps da
games on google+ are awesome!
time to rebel.
dang! slept for 4 hours again, in the morning!
happy aavani aavittam folks! just got back home after poonal changing ceremony... :)
why do i feel tired already? i must have slept for at least 3-4 hours today morning...
lol. even has a klout score of only 84.
disgusting sehwag.
u sure? i doubt it.
i just love typing nonsense on twitter!
klout is not a game, my friend.
hope to work on something related to twitter sometime soon...
dei dei. too much da! :P no football too, plz. :D
can everyone stop talking about cricket for a while? it hurts.
is any1 else having problems on facebook?
&quot;Your account is currently unavailable due to a site issue. We expect this to be resolved shortly. Please try again in a few minutes.&quot; - fb
is on a retweeting spree. if someone is following me on mobile, i'd suggest them to stop it for the next few days... :P #twitter #athome
twitter
athome
when will samsung galaxy tab 750 (10.1) be available on flipkart?
finally! the group has been created. welcome, fellow admin.
good morning tweeps! :)
got 20 min left to pack my stuff and here I am, before my comp, tweeting...
going to dosa mela at sangeetha's for dinner tonight. and then leaving for chennai. dear home, here I come!
whew! that was one hectic week at coll! glad that it has finally come to an end... almost.
windows mobile is over. i think u might be referring to windows phone...
good morning tweeps. another day nearly full of classes, coming up...
Evicted from my room by insects!! Gaah!
classes seem to be going fast. wouldn't say that about evening life...
fingers and arms screaming in pain! played mirudangam after months! feeling good. :)
The Hindu : Columns / Nirmal Shekar : Dravid deserves greater respect: ://t.co/akWrDII via @AddThis
Its important to keep ur ideas under wraps until u implement them.
this is the third continuous day that I am having a nearly-full day at college!! #eksi
eksi
planning to listen to classes from today... :)
oh. cool. asked because I got placed at Microsoft. was v curious n didn't know whom to ask. thanks anyway! :)
just wanted to clarify. Microsoft employees have the freedom to use non-Microsoft products like GNU/Linux as their OS, right?
already 11 am! gotta wash clothes b4 continuing work on #gsoc project... :(
gsoc
good morning tweeps! gotta get working. #gsoc
gsoc
wait. was the accident at sometime around 5pm in ecr road?
shit!! one of my closest childhood friends passed away today evening in a car accident!! shocked to get the news!!! :( :'(
Tired...
hi. i got to knw abt u in that html5.in conf last year at chennai where u talked abt css3. a doubt. do u work at microsoft hyd?
enjaai!
i hope that they don't chuck me out because i refuse to use the OS that they make... what am i supposed to do?
nope. forever GNU/Linux. more of an ubuntu fan actually...
damn! i never thought my twitter handle that way. i don't use windows... :P
what is windows xp?? (looks around to see if any1 else knows...)
Yawn! Good morning tweeps!
jus realized now. even the matrix had agent smith. #justsaying
justsaying
feeling depressed/angry/irritated/tired/sad?? listen to some music!
Awake at last... #goodmorning
goodmorning
feel sorry for mozilla! :( ://t.co/iOGbS46
bot from ur id to tweet greetings at regular intervals to specific people so that they don't feel that u r ignoring them. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
different forms of tweets that appear personalized to specific users. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
i believe and will have more #ideasfortwitter too.
ideasfortwitter
an AI program that tries to determine what ur mood is, from ur latest few tweets. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
a programming contest site that takes tweets as input programs for judging. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
let me a create a new hashtag on twitter and see how far it goes. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
my reaction wasn't for ur mokka. it was for getting placed in THAT company!
paappom paappom. either i won't be in THAT company or THAT company would have become the biggest champion of open source cos of me
angry that i'm being associated with something dumb. :P THEY WILL NEVER BUY MY VIEWS!! NEVER EVER!! NOOO....
my dad is live on radio at ://t.co/TNHUQix on aboorva raagangal part 2. 90.1 FM.
Fedora 7?? U must be kidding me!
congrats @_iakkom!! awesome job!
life's good when u have download speeds greater than 1.2Mbps.
wow! congrats guys! all the best for ur next round! u guys will surely get it!
ok. cool. i'll be going at 10.30. will come to room before that anyway. let me know if u change ur mind.
thanks da. my phone ran out of charge. i called her a few min back after putting it on charge. thanks anyway. :)
oh. cool. good luck with second round. :) btw, sp2hari is in garnet tonight and is leaving only tomo. coming at 10.30 to meet him?
back in room? what's ur interview status?
that's strange. i remember not being able to do an svn checkout from college...
interviews going on? good luck buddy. :) can u msg me when u r free? want to ask u something.
and the best gift on my star bday so far! commit access to the official wordpress android app! yay!! sign that i have finally grown up!
had an awesome dinner with the legendary @sp2hari!! planning to meet him again in a few hours. he is simply superb! learnt a lot from him.
Awesome star bday so far!!
Going to be the toughest exam of my life...
its disappointing days like these when I feel that I should stop watching/following cricket...
I believe that they came out with such an algo just for fun...
yep. :)
searching on google news for &quot;govind tiwari&quot; will give u a better picture...
he's a random guy who's infamous for creating the worst-looking blog one could ever create...
feels good to view a bit of nature whenever I look up away from my laptop. ://yfrog.com/h0tu9wgj
RT now just gonna wait for #basha to trend on twitter :)
basha
thanks to for gifting me these awesome headphones...
feels that headphones around one's neck look cooler than over one's head...
no. observed that i'm putting on weight. would love to start running long distances...
Integrating is tougher than developing stand alone parts of a program.
Must start running.
According to tweetstats, is the second highest person whom I have replied to, via twitter. The first is his old twitter handle...
Creativity is the father of Invention.
my situation is worse... :( couldn't go even though I had a ticket...
&quot;Lie! Run! Hide!&quot; Ya. Ok, right.
exactly.
There'll be a day when companies expect candidates to write program solutions in less than 140 characters...
lol. I wanted to say that first. But changed my mind later. :P Btw, did u just say 'apt'? I expected 'yum' from u...
someone with a rhyming nickname. where the nickname's first 3 letters are &quot;kay&quot;... ;) :P
I hereby christen my room as &quot;Anirudh's Laboratory&quot;.
did they just buy me and my views? no. they didn't. i still stand by what I've said...
Ayo kadavule! Some student next to me putting scene after first round. Irritating!!
vaazhkaikke machan...
Moral of the story: being good feels good.
When will I ever see a linux system being projected on the screen for these kind of presentations?
The organizing fellows from my coll r here. They're checking d sound system with some random music that sounds like a harmonica...
When was the last time that I arrived first at some place? This feels good...
No. I am not taking part in non-technical activities anymore...
what a lousy performance! :( #tc #srm
tc
srm
at ilab with @gklsndr...
awake at last...
That was another boring class. Relieved that I need not attend anymore for the day...
Sadly, I am so pazham that i'm scared to bunk classes...
WHAT.A.BORING.CLASS!!
TIL that Eric Schmidt was the co-author of LEX!
wow! awesome article da! thanks for sharing.
thank u! :)
thanks da. :)
didn't like it. expected more...
Disappointed with deivathirumagal...
Deivathirumagal with family now.
i think its karaharapriya da...
awesome bday gift! thanks!! :)
Had an awesome evening at bessie with parents!
ipl DOES improve cricket relations b/w countries. couldn't have expected pk n kp congratulate each other at the end of yday, if not for ipl.
now listening to Neevanti Daivamu Shadanana - Bhairavi raagam by Malladi Bros...
just realized that my typing speed has improved considerably over the past few weeks. touch typing finally seems to have paid off.
want inspiration? here it is... (in case u already haven't read it) :P ://t.co/kRKrCo1
oh. just realized that i have classes from 10.30 today. read it as 1.30 yday...
good morning tweeps. hope to have a better day today.
Shocked to know that google labs will be shut down!
That completes 2 boring classes for the day. Hope the next one is better...
Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me. #launch ://t.co/NlcH2PR via @vizualizeme
launch
only google can have white backgrounds, is it? i'll have a white background for my twitter profile too! (...pukes in the background later)
gnome3 is the worst thing that ever happened to fedora...
hmmm... how is twitter working properly on chromium - fedora 15 now?
i knew what today's google doodle was about, before clicking on it! that's because i was a bio student in 11th and 12th... :)
lol... ://t.co/lw3qzWg
@ home away from home... #spiderlab
spiderlab
Dear professor, if u r gonna teach us how to use the web, y dont u teach us how to brush our teeth, how to eat, etc as well?
I keep half-expecting the sites I write on my notebook, to automatically get converted into hyperlinks. @kgdinesh
yeah. official gingerbread update has been released! is it available in india? will have to check now...
so, now i am supposed to update my video card drivers and reinstall the adt plugin?? surely, this is a joke, right?
damn! i shouldn't have update my adt plugin...
enough of studying for the day...
where art thou?
back in college machis!
Nice. This compartment actually has got 2 plug sockets for every 8 seats, for charging laptops and mobile phones. and they actually work!
back home after shopping for clothes for bday. :)
god! still so sleepy...
lazy sunday afternoon...
:D just kidding
wait. I am an executive member of Amruthavarshini right? does it mean this? ://t.co/fX5PIoL
u should maybe try the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Load from snapshot&quot; options...
yay! android app is free from ads from the latest version! way to go!
last day of summer hols 2011. what do i do today? hmmm...
Tendulkar seems to have a long list of people who have got him out as their first wicket.
wow! thanks!
2 out of 3 electives? i think i'll drop kunwar....
hai! jolly! can timepass in daaktar's class...
hotot new UI doesn't appeal to me
experiencing awesome download speeds today!
is awake once again...
why am i suddenly having a download speed &amp;gt; 2Mbps ?? how come?
or break jagi's phone. u'll feel better. @ashwinjagadeesh
time to step on the gas pedal!
just realized that my phone's earphones are more comfy and provide a better effect than the normal earphones i lost a few days back...
am all the more motivated to work now! keep the cash flowing, guys... :P
passed midterms. :) congratulations to all other gsoc students who passed!
got a congratulatory mail now! thanks. :)
hey. sorry to bother you. just want to confirm. all procedures for midterm phase have been done from both our sides, right?
almost there...
font size? :P
at least commentary on cricinfo?
needs a chrome addon to convert all those hindi statements typed in english on facebook, to actual english statements. #cantunderstandathing
cantunderstandathing
i see many ppl use that da. was reminded by @ashwinjagadeesh's statement...
y do some ppl type &quot;come on&quot; as &quot;common&quot; ?? doesn't it mean something else?
gnome3 is worse than unity. u dont make me happy when i'm not able to customize u... :(
Nice post about Sammy. ://t.co/DBDI10B
thank u! thank u!
Iphone? Nope. My android. #customizability ://yfrog.com/klkitp
customizability
past 14 hours = 3 hours of sleep + 11 hours of coding!! whew!!
machi...  nee gethu da!
can't restrain myself from saying &quot;MUHAHAHA&quot; after writing some really nice code...
If I had been a twitter addict, I would've tweeted abt the minor road accident I witnessed outside my window jus now. But I'm not, u see...
first, i made my ubuntu look like a mac. now, my android looks like an iphone! :D #customizability
customizability
not yet. will try soon.
Reached home. Yay!
ya. Realized that. Wish the bar was thinner. The whole thing looks awesome anyway!
good luck! :D
Hope someone comes out with a lighter theme too, of tweetdeck...
Could do without that white bar between tweets though. #tweetdark
tweetdark
Wow! Tweetdark is awesome! Exactly what I wanted.
nice dp :-)
yep :-)
thanks. :)
Strange. Not getting sms for twitter replies...
we're on our way...
reached home?
market link for the app? Can't find it through mobile.
wru guys?
I think i'll have brunch today.
wru guys now?
Chanderpaul century! #whattaman
whattaman
who holds what positions in amruthavarshini for this year?
so what's the news from coll? what do we take with us?
do i integrate twitter with google+? nah, i don't think so. at least not yet.
working during weekends gives a nice feeling... :)
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! &amp;lt;pause&amp;gt; noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!
:D :P
oops! meant &quot;3rd year hols&quot; in my prev tweet...
wait. even if i return home in a few days, is today the last day of my 3rd sem hols?
thanks to my mentor's dvorak keyboard, i had an awesome voice chat with him today! :P
night out dhaan today! never have been so excited about my project, now that i've completely understood everything that is reqd!
just realized the power of discussing things thru skype over discussing the same thing thru irc channels!
don't think so...
i forgot. i got some amruthavarshini post right? :P what was it?
for those who use w3schools: ://t.co/WnerSoI
as usual. cheapness. ://t.co/KVcHEmW
in fact, its my backup mentor whom i'm interacting with, for the past few days. he has lived a few months in india! :D he knows. :)
both my mentors r v cool. they don't mind all this. but i feel ashamed to tell them how pathetic our country is....
lol. not him da...
ashamed to tell my mentor that i couldn't come online because of the power cut here in TN! WHERE IS MY CONTINUOUS POWER SUPPLY, CM??
yay! power back at last.... can now get back to work!
Worst day of hols ever! Think its a 9-5 power cut! all work stalled...
bleddy mosquitoes, y u stab me?
Androinica &#187; Android Market website ratings: a week of rants, reviews, and reality checks: ://t.co/Oq6aXK6 via @AddThis
elders say that only studies soru podum. i am hungry right now. what am i supposed to study?
omg! is truly awesome!! u might love it too!
3 maidens in a row! ://t.co/HsgpERL
u don't need to have a comp. how abt a mobile app? would be great to receive more of ur tweets...
AAAAAND... &amp;chbh=a does the trick! thanks to my mentor for pointing out how stats are implemented in the ios app! :)
and the new honda city arrived today! congrats @simulation!!
i want to make rage comics on some of my coll mates...
its not even 12 hours since i woke up but the day seems long... must be because i am working...
what is Kieswetter doing?? allow Cook to score a century!!
come on cook! get that century!!
cook seems to be playing his best odi innings ever!!
so, facebook decides to ask users to download an exe file for video chat?? that doesn't work even under wine for me... facebook is fail.
How to Sell Like Steve Jobs ://t.co/9Bcs9q5 via @copyblogger
sure! leaving to coll on sunday.
cool. thanks! :)
considering free anti-virus s/w for mom's netbook. ur suggestion? is avast still good?
love the background music too! ://t.co/U0cFiNf
have always loved these wafers...
yep. most of my work would finish by next week anyway...
cleaning up my inbox. setting up new filters b4 i leave to college...
some ppl don't use the reply button in twitter. wonder why...
am back on twitter!
rain!!
suddenly, life seems good...
taking up the job of fixing the algorithmist website and updating stuff, as my responsibility. does any1 want to join?
Facebook to launch its own country to take on Google Plus: ://t.co/IK5oKtB
Twitter Is Obscenely Profitable ://t.co/TphfLb5
ada paavingala! chennai not available as an option yet... cha.
wait. was the &quot;Add my location&quot; option available earlier for chennai tweeters? nice...
awesome! ://t.co/ofaUAYT
IBM develops 'instantaneous' memory, 100x faster than flash ://t.co/pamLr0v via @engadget
lol ://t.co/vJaVu0W
some prob with my android virtual devices. they crashed &amp; had to be force closed. seems a few of them were running in the bground...
omg! i just now realized why my lappy was heating up like a furnace...
my thought process, instead of &quot;oh! map is a hash! oh! dictionary is a hash too!&quot;, is &quot;oh! map is a dictionary!&quot;. i learnt python b4 c++ stl
what happened?
if u post that u'd need just one mark to pass, a sadist teacher would 'like' it, while a nice teacher would +1 it. #googleplusvsfb #mokka
googleplusvsfb
mokka
oh. i don't think the it'll get released officially before aug 30. that's when my project officially ends.
dei! the wordpress app has been in the market for a loooong time. i am working on it to 'improve' it...
Manmohan Singh laughs out loud at Ranbir Kapoor&#8217;s DoCoMo joke: ://t.co/yoUBap8
wait. Google! U r supposed to inform me when I get access to Google+!! Not wait for me to find out on my own...
I still can't figure out where my code exceeds the time limit!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh....... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!! TLE!
i'd dump facebook for google plus any day! now, if only someone would send me an invite...
gave off 2 of my shirts which i had outgrown, to my maid servant for her son. been quite some time since i last did that. feels good. :)
when u feel bad for having committed a mistake but dunno whom to apologize to, append #sorryshaktiman to ur tweet... :P
sorryshaktiman
omg! a c++ program has been waiting for input in my terminal, since morning. noticed only now. #sorryshaktiman
sorryshaktiman
I think it is during the evening only. Anyway, not adyar. Mandaveli today.
grand sweets dhonnai! \m/
must be due to that coldact that i refused to take but was finally forced to...
waking up after nearly 14 hours of sleep...
century only now. :( but better late than never...
darn headache!!
If life provided me an auto-complete option, i'll tab my way through final year of college...
oh. hostel fees by 20th july is it? I was worried that it might be 20th june or something like that...
I have no idea about date. I remember seeing some notice in hostel about payment of fees. What was that about?
when should we pay college fees? Is the date over or something? I remember seeing some notice...
ppl start thinking only when they shed their ego...
whatay sleep that was!
what's worse than lazy noobs? conceited lazy noobs!!
TIL what the DRY priniciple is...
hai! nice new youtube... :)
write code - check. write report - check. commit code - not authorized to commit!! u kidding me??
report submitted! can go to sleep peacefully now... :)
just realized something. u'd have to enable the snapshot feature while creating the avd...
hic... i must somehow stop these hiccups. hic...
linux
oh. i use only froyo... never knew abt gingerbread...
best to use the avd manager as u r doing. when u create one, and click &quot;Start...&quot;, u'lll see the options. saw in some blog.
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: ://t.co/qiUlKVy
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: ://t.co/qiUlKVy
googling about this problem would help u better...
have u heard abt sukumar prasad? he used to play carnatic music on guitar. no news of him for years. trying to find him...
it'll take time to close too. the next time when u launch the avd, remove the save to snapshot option as it is set the 1st time
it is usually slow the first time. b4 starting the avd, set the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Launch from snapshot&quot; in avd manager
...and i hate eclipse too...
i HATE my AVD's...
there is more to this code than that meets the eye...
had a gut feeling that it will rain today. so it does! awesome!
argh! everything is so complicated!! life is full of dilemmas...
a mistake that i keep repeating is that i give preference to clean, reusable code even when time is running out.
lol. mishra seems to be the highest scorer after dravid in this innings. well played.
dravid top-edges bishoo to give mid-on a simple catch. that's the end of a v fine century and the indian innings...
dravid six!! u don't see that v often...
nice innings from mishra. sharma on strike now.
ouch! sammy tempts mishra with a loose delivery outside off. mishra simply cuts it, only for third man to collect the catch easily.
Facebook Connect Updated | Codechef: ://blog.codechef.com/2011/06/23/facebook-connect-updated/
and just when i was thinking that rampaul wasn't leaking runs, mishra hits him for 2 consecutive audacious fours!
50 run partnership between dravid and mishra now!
i just love ravi rampaul's bowling! makes the batsman earn every run...
yay!! dravid century!! awkward shot but still an awesome innings...
dravid nudges the last ball of the over to third-man to take a single. moves on to 99.
with a leg glance to mid-on, dravid takes a single to move on to 98 now...
dravid on 97 now...
why would i want to sleep during the night when an india test series gives me company?
wow!!
even my parents find the weather here in Chennai to be horrible. and by that, I mean that I am not fussing.
ah. it is v cool and pleasant in Chennai during night time... WITH THOSE AC's SWITCHED ON, OF COURSE!!!
oops! was referring to a wrong file now. names of files should differ by more than just one character...
i feel that dark themes appeal more to me than the light ones...
after a few weeks, i think i can say that fedora 15 with gnome 3 is worse than ubuntu 11.04 with unity...
that was one long nap! don't even remember at what time I dozed off b4 the comp...
what is the quickest way to invoke nautilus? i think Alt+F2-&amp;gt;.-&amp;gt;Enter
one koshtin. was symbian really bad?
feeling really comfortable about twitter only now . cos of twidge...
I am using twidge to tweet about it! lol. s://github.com/jgoerzen/twidge/wiki nice.
system slows down drastically while running firefox 5 on ubuntu...
no auto-complete in firefox 5 too! disappointed...
netbooks are just perfect! but mom doesn't allow me to install ubuntu in hers... :P
then go for a netbook! simple. :P
lol. according to me, laptops can't be replaced b4 2020.
ah! voice! the form of input i dislike the most. i'd look like a chatterbox while tweeting, won't be able to do personal stuff, etc
its difficult to hold tablets and type at full speed at the same time... it might not be as convenient as laptops.
i wouldn't want to use a desktop while sitting on the bed, sofa or anywhere outdoors. that's why laptops originated, right?
so, if tablets are going to be docked and worked with, using a manual keyboard, i'll still call it a laptop.
nothing beats the convenience of a manual keyboard and a screen which u don't have to hold, for long usage.
i thought u meant bigger size for convenient usage...
what is the difference between an oversized mobile phone that shrinks and a normal mobile phone?
what?? u say there'll be oversized mobile phones and they'll shrink. we already have them!
will an oversized mobile phone even fit in our pockets?/
by 2020?
lol. I am already on it for a long time. In fact, even my parents use dropbox...
why suddenly now? isn't Dropbox old and famous?
can i know how u built it? there isn't any for chrome yet.
usb consumes less power. power consumption for phone 2g&amp;lt;3g&amp;lt;wifi&amp;lt;wifi hotspot, i think.
sad fact is, it doesn't matter much, even if i do get hit by a bus... :P
stupid me. i have all along connected my android phone to comp thru usb to use the internet. just realized the portable hotspot feature now.
wow! just now realized that the spoj rank tracker on firefox was done by you!
TIL I learnt what Bus Factor is...
going through my project history on its blog now...
Kasab offers to share the menu card for long term jail inmates, with kanimozhi... #fakenews
fakenews
Awesome 3g speeds all of a sudden!
most of ur followers seem to be bots or unknown ppl, y r u even tweeting?? aale illaadhe kadaikku tea aatharaiya? :P
my bro is still a twitter noob. i think i'll troll him... :P
celebrating special days like father's day isn't about showing ur love on that day. it is to remind how u have to be always...
every day when I wake up, I search online news for the official release of gingerbread for my samsung galaxy ace...
which phone?
the ind vs eng test series promises to be awesome!
ian bell has always been underrated... awesome series for him!
rm -rf /* ?
my bro's on twitter finally. he registered long back but never tweeted. irony is, his name is his twitter handle: @adithya
AOL Hell: An AOL Content Slave Speaks Out &#171; News ://t.co/MxlXJcE via @thefastertimes
good morning tweeps! that was one hectic week. hoping to have a nice weekend...
i sure have earned my weekend this time!!
very difficult to code when mood out...
its split into 500, 2250 and 2250. 500 now.
yikes! seems citi accounts are being hacked and some gsoc students have lost their money! thankfully, i still have mine! headin to atm now!!
://yfrog.com/kjf8pkj windows... the real world is beyond.
I think i'll try my hands on photography soon...
my first purchase on flipkart...
which version? what's the problem?
Like the tweetdeck post widget on my home screen...
yeah. fb groups r awesome. I meant that fb apps hv a huge impact. not huge hit.
I get silly stuff on my news feed from some of them. need to go block them. they think everyone is so eager to knw wt they're upto
buzz includes gmail contacts. fb provides apps. and tht is a HUGE thing. but on fb, wtvr I post goes to ALL my friends n relatives
interesting stuff like videos and links. I want to find old friends n mantain contact. Not follow whatever they're upto.
Posting what u r upto right now,on fb feels like bragging,to me. I wud've followed u on twitter,if I hd been remotely interested in all tat
Why does tweetdeck show user details only in portrait view?
personally would like chrome browser to replace the android default browser on phones
i feel that the biggest competitor to chrome os or chrome browser on phones will be google itself, through android
I dunno which looks better: ubuntu 11.04 with macbuntu theme, fedora 15 with gnome 3, windows 7 or the chromium os i'm using right now...
nope
why don't u have a proper twitter dp yet?
don't ever to do a &quot;note to self&quot; on twitter. do a instead.
upgraded chrome to 12.0.742.100. hopefully i can play flash videos better now.
i have ALWAYS felt that chrome is better than firefox. i meant that shifting to firefox from chrome is almost impossible for me.
i will think of permanently switching over to firefox only if the address bar autocompletes what i'm typing.
lol. now it seems unfair, is it? ://t.co/SdiJnS3
no da. i really meant it. heading over to stackoverflow.com...
post ur queries at ://t.co/yyIRXXV :P
On a more serious note, I better get back to work.
Come on twitter! Give me more useless information for me waste time on.
feel like puking at windows start menu search. not working for months and no easy solution to it.
my twitter password has been changed to ******** (its hashed. so my original password might not have the same number of letters.) :P
yep. ://t.co/Q2Zndei
lol. what happened after that?
really wish that the next version of firefox autocompleted my url just like chrome...
why didn't headlines today do an extensive coverage about the issue before he died? plz take it up atleast now.
just a few more seconds for kate to get installed on windows...
what's their reason?
does searching on wikipedia help?
framework in what sense?
expected more from safari. not up to the mark...
this worked. ://t.co/kzhXIw0 just modified the solution in the first reply and it worked without a hitch.
recovered my Windows 7 at last, after a partial night-out!! Yay!! Triple booting Ubuntu 11.04, Fedora 15 and Windows 7 now!
Congrats!!
those guys are straining themselves to dig the road. they just don't realize that pouring something equivalent to rainwater will do the job.
://yfrog.com/kf1lkaj suspicious looking men digging up the road in the middle of the night, outside my home. traffic sign put up though
i know it has awesome specs but not an absolute must for coll goers like us. there'll be somethin btr when we start working.
of course, i meant that galaxy ace is awesome enough for me in my previous tweet...
galaxy s2 seems worth it only if u have a deep pocket. it is almost double the price of my galaxy ace which is awesome enough for me.
thanks anyway. i have been without windows for quite a few months. would be prefer a completely risk-free approach to recover.
yes. but no official upgrades for it in india yet. ://t.co/6Kz3VEy
have kinda heard abt it. of course, i replaced fedora's grub to ubuntu's grub2.
u got an iphone or are u in a showroom? how is the native twitter app?
i have no idea! :P i never spent time understanding what all that meant. just wanted to have the latest distro! :P
Why I love and hate having a smartphone - The Oatmeal ://t.co/cJNlrTW via @Oatmeal
lol. &quot;might&quot;? that makes me a bit scared to try...
Help required. How do I recover Windows 7 after Ubuntu and Fedora install? Exact problem here: ://t.co/uDyU6TF
go outside and close the door. :P :D
is this the end of scheduled powercuts?
i have started loving my project much much more, all of a sudden!! dunno why exactly though...
i rarely use torrents...
Setting up Kate snippets ://wp.me/pP4hy-2B
i think it means playing only for pride. there is not much else to win, once the series is lost.
am all set for a heavy nap this afternoon. slept late, woke up early. perfect.
awesome profile pic!
have u tried freecharge.in? i think its good. works fine for me everytime.
searching for &quot;macbuntu 11.04&quot; on google shows my blog as the 3rd option and searching for &quot;macbuntu on ubuntu 11.04&quot; shows it as the first!
I'm at Anna Centenary Library (Kotturpuram, Chennai) ://4sq.com/ljWKEL
exactly!
? so?
where old woodlands drive-in was. near gemini flyover. parents say it is near stella maries coll.
yep
Semmozhi poonga is okay... Not awesome or anything.
aaathaaaa!! naa pass aaaayiten!!!
lol. jus saw the account. Ippo enna panna pora?
I shifted to chrome the next day. :P Echofon is the best for ff. Love the side pane option.
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 3 ://wp.me/pP4hy-2p
wanted to watch Alice in Wonderland since a long time back. found it in bro's lappy today. sweet.
lol. no. its going to be Alice in Wonderland...
mood out. need something to distract myself...
exactly...
learning to play the guitar with the help of today's google doodle is the in-thing now...
after 3 days of breaking my head over a bug, i show my code to my mentor. he points it out in a few seconds...
pains with/without glasses. finding it difficult to adjust to it.
please headache.leave me alone,
sick or slick?
Maaveeran in tamil...
it hurts whatever power u have. u must be knowing that. been without glasses for almost a week now. strain.
Power back after 310 minutes...
4 hours 15 minutes now. Even college was better...
Alwarpet.
3 hours and 15 minutes without power now...
2 hours and 15 minutes. still no signs of power coming back...
maybe a leg count of 44,000
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 2 ://wp.me/pP4hy-2g
enough blogging for the day. planning to come up with more tomorrow. till then, good night tweeps.
Still don't believe me? ://wp.me/pP4hy-2f
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 1 ://wp.me/pP4hy-26
I remember the first time I came upon svn. I couldn't figure out what exactly it was, for quite a few days... :P
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 0: ://wp.me/pP4hy-24
ya. -0.5 in left eye. headache for the past few days...
gotta wear glasses from tomorrow... :(
Macbuntu in Ubuntu 11.04 ://wp.me/pP4hy-1V
is my excessive sleeping due to my current eye prob or has it become a habit or is it just laziness? can any of my medical friends clarify?
it used to be one hour earlier...
gah! that 2 hour powercut was irritating!
one more #kde application that I love: Basket!!
kde
back on twitter. nothing can stop me now.
Sad that almost everyone seems to support either one of the two sides, both without any credibility. #babavscong
babavscong
I don't trust any baba or godman.
Manmohan Singh needs a magic wand. U r not a street magician. U r the pm. Shows that u yourself r either inept or corrupt. Disgusting!
Tiwary evades the questions posed to him and runs away...
Dei, tiwary, answer those qsns by Jethmalani now!
and the week starts... #mondaymorningblues
mondaymorningblues
listening to music after so many days!
chennai's weather is no different from trichy's. :(
&quot;trust-me-jayabalan&quot; or &quot;trust me, jayabalan&quot; ? :P
what happened to me??
Some kids from US are so well behaved. But most are not. #sad #fact
sad
fact
So, do I have any more of these ill-mannered brat-from-US relatives?
Just got to know that Ganesh and Kumaresh are distance relatives of mine. :-)
sitting in a random park in bangalore and working on lappy. awesome weather too...
games!! Heavy games!!
Damn! I think must wear glasses now! :(
Ouch! Came to bangalore for a marriage. it seems the bride's dad passed away yday n marriage postponed!
so, did u actually send ur 1000th tweet to me?? :P ;)
that was development da. this is programming...
ouch! so out of touch that i am struggling to solve programming problems now... :(
Dunno whether to laugh or cry - &quot;Chinese teen sells his kidney for an iPad 2 - Telegraph ://t.co/UbFgrH3 &quot;
Government releases official yoga position to remove corruption: ://t.co/exQJfyP
Why Facebook is Scared of Twitter - ://t.co/37n6bbP
hurray! my code works properly now!!
I still can't believe that some ppl still trust this govt!! minister-steals-a-telephone-exchange-loots-bsnl: ://t.co/h6jnVhy
Oracle 'donates' OpenOffice.org to Apache foundation | ZDNet UK ://t.co/vQbWdzS
my first-ever screencast! :P ://youtu.be/WiA0CGh2UkE
can u make the Twitter id in the website linked to the twitter account and clickable?
dei, dk. when u r putting up a link, don't put a full stop immediately after it. twitter recognizes it as a part of that link!
not exactly. i made it a point to change my twitter background everyday. that's all.
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;After the Rain&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from ://TweetyGotBack.com
ouch! installed some random twitter background only to realize that, that site had spammed my twitter timeline too...
i live in alwarpet and it is raining here
and the rain starts! perfect weather.
woke up just now. looked up at the sky to find it absolutely dark at 4.30pm!!
Heavy lunch, warm weather, power cut, pleasant music... zzzzz...
yay! life is so much simpler now. i can code what i intended to do, now... #android
android
ah. now i realize that there is a compatibility library for older api versions, to implement fragments...
so badly want fragments and action bar to be back-ported to at least api level 8! would be so much easier to code then... #android
android
cool. jayalalitha saw me now. she must be privileged... :P
i am being plagued by something like this... s://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/compiz/+bug/778490
:D RT: @Aarthi_2410: toxic dose of ur thathuvam. Am already hyperventilating :-D
not yet. all the way, flags, banners and posters standing...
think tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha would be passing through the road, where my home is, today...
when u have an opportunity to do a good deed, do it. one of them might go a long way... #thathuvam
thathuvam
good morning tweeps. this is a fine morning...
ah! very tired now. gonna sleep early and wake up early. new habit from now on.
goodbye bad habits!
had a wonderful time with every1 during grandma's 80th birthday celebration!
Grandma's 80th bday celebration! (@ Matsya Restaurant) ://4sq.com/ipH10Y
I will RT this now. :P
Grandma's 80th star bday today. Returning home from kapaleeshwarar temple now.
yes. it did. :-)
Booked tatkal tickets with my #android thru #opera with #3g. #win
android
opera
3g
win
://yfrog.com/h0ls0dnj My new tshirt from :-)
Linus Renames 2.6.40 Kernel To Linux 3.0, Announces Release Candidate ://t.co/KOIPigt
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Garden Wallpaper&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from ://TweetyGotBack.com
yay! got my first t-shirt from now! looks great!
#ubuntu11.04 - #chrome.  #fedora15 - #firefox. #android - #opera.
ubuntu11
chrome
fedora15
firefox
android
opera
#opera on android is super awesome!
opera
went on a #firefox add-on download spree! sooo many add-ons now! yay!
firefox
of course, its obvious what it is. but why the underscore?
leaning towards #firefox more than #chrome now...
firefox
chrome
RT dai y did u change ur name??
ROFL! SO TRUE!! RT: @krishashok: Back after a break. Late night snack #tambrahmrage ://bit.ly/jP9K48 by and @krishashok
tambrahmrage
Good morning tweeps.
there! it crashed again!!
u kidding? my 11.04 keeps crashing at least 5 times in a day!! dunno y.
damn! #ubuntu! stop crashing!!
ubuntu
just had a epiphany! time to set my priorities right...
think i solved my problem of forgettin #topcoder #srm's. setup #google calendar to remind me thru emails, popups and #android notifications.
topcoder
srm
google
android
how abt applying for indian citizenship? :P ;)
Back home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Home) ://4sq.com/l2YweE
I just became the mayor of Anirudh's Home on @foursquare! ://4sq.com/jeoQbu
introducing my mom to #dropbox now. :-)
dropbox
At Grandparents' Home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Grandparents' Home) ://4sq.com/keBSg6
RT @lut4rp:  I'm not &quot;on&quot; twitter. It's asynchronous. If I get a notification and the message needs a reply, I will.
the more i use twitter, the less i use facebook...
#NowPlaying Shri Maha Ganapathe by Balaji Shankar - Abhogi Raagam - Kanda Chapu Thaalam
NowPlaying
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Moonlit Meadow&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from ://TweetyGotBack.com
this is more complex than i thought...
accidental power nap! :P
no dhoni for WI tour...
i always seemed to like #firefox #addons more than #chrome #extensions. the way chrome displays its extensions doesn't appeal to me...
firefox
addons
chrome
extensions
time for an haircut...
good morning tweeps! feels great to have parents back at home!!
yeah! but i keep missing almost every srm!
HATE MYSELF!! missed registering for today's #topcoder #srm today too! was watching csk bash rbc around...
topcoder
srm
any luck with ur phone? tried &quot;Wheres My Droid&quot; ?
lol. I don't think I've ever recorded a video from this phone. Never thought about it. :-P
galaxy ace s5830. Really good.
my first salary is still sleeping in my gsoc atm withdrawal card. badly want to get something BIG for my parents with my first salary...
not everyone does.
u there at #rubyconfindia?
rubyconfindia
what about Settings-&amp;gt;About phone ?
some lady complaining on a news channel that gold prices are too high for middle class ppl like her. y buy gold then?? #showoff
showoff
lol! Ha ha!
Wow! mobile.twitter.com is awesome!
meant that too under editor... :P RT: @batusaix911: or like an IDE :D
life is like a text editor. u may not like what u have, but u can always customize it to be the way u like it... #thathuvam
thathuvam
this article might convince you. ://www.androidtapp.com/wheres-my-android/
i think the default text msg is &#8220;Wheres my Droid&#8221;. u might want to be there in the location before msging.
of course, i mean installing through web. ://bit.ly/jElUjm
i am trying to say that u can install it now too, through the android market. u wouldn't have to confirm at the other end...
I'm one of the first in line for the &quot;One Page Twitter Dashboard&quot; from #TwitSprout. Join me  ://t.co/GgTLq6j via @TwitSprout
TwitSprout
seems that #mci delhi is heading towards the same scenario as that of mci chennai. good start, then becoming absolutely boring...
mci
y don't u check?
i just followed 4 guys who were tweeting about #mci delhi. my timeline is full of their tweets now... :P
mci
just when i was thinking whether my eyes were tricking me into believing that the twitter details pane was thinner... ://tnw.co/jWI2U6
s://market.android.com/details?id=com.alienmanfc6.wheresmyandroid
u can install Where is my Droid through the market place onto your phone and make it ring...
no kung fu panda tickets available in satyam for tomorrow. inox website not working properly...
i can't believe that is following me on twitter!! feel so honored...
when u r not hungry but still want to munch on something, don't go for junk food. try munching green bean sprouts instead. #healthytweets
healthytweets
lol. he won't read my tweets da. don't worry. :P
The Da Vinci Code was running on Sony Pix now. The poor direction reminded me of Sachin's poor captaincy in yday's match...
no da. am trying out new themes daily. tweeting abt them so that my followers can try them out too...
i completely forgot that i have an extra white panel for my mobile! i think i will try it out now...
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Rectangles&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from ://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps. have a great saturday!
yeah. remastered ubuntu. ://www.oslike.se/
googling about macbuntu might help. most of those sites have screenshots...
yes, it did! sadly macbuntu doesn't seem to available for ubuntu 11.04 yet. i think those guys are making it a fork of ubuntu.
and of course, for the mac experience, i was using macbuntu on my ubuntu 10.10 for a few months... :P
btw, i haven't attempted recovering Windows in my lappy. Windows7 doesn't figure in my bootloader. not interested in it either.
lol. I downloaded Chromium OS a few months back and installed it on my pendrive and tried it. :P don't use it much though...
no no. I had Eclipse in Fedora 14. Now have it in Ubuntu 11.04. overwrote Fedora 14 with 15. So, downloading Eclipse for 15...
i think i'll just download eclipse and android sdk in fedora 15 too, to be safe. will be my download for the night...
i think i'll be done with my work by tomorrow morning. gonna sleep now. gotta wake up early tomorrow.
#guake looks very nice in #fedora 15...
guake
fedora
@dorait: any tech meetups this weekend in chennai? been a long time since I attended any. dunno where exactly to find...
did u have a look at samsung galaxy ace s5830? i think it is pretty good. ~15k. worth every penny.
good night. :)
i think u were waiting for such an opportunity to tweet about, throughout the tournament! :P
has firefox plugin-finder service EVER found adobe flash plugin? i think not. #firefox4
firefox4
why are the firefox guys so keen on maintaining space for the title bar? would like it be how it is, in chrome. #firefox4
firefox4
browser is where twitter is... #echofon #firefox4
echofon
firefox4
sadly twitter.com is crashing even in chromium... #fedora15
fedora15
although i might want csk to face mi, i think rcb deserves to get into the finals, more... #ipl
ipl
frankly saying, MI must produce such a performance today, to make the world believe that it deserves to get into the finals. #ipl
ipl
sometimes, major decisions in life might be based just on small reasons... #thathuvam. like changing browsers, for example...
thathuvam
gnome3 might not be perfect, but #fedora did the right thing by moving to gnome3 if they wanted to stand upto ubuntu and compete. good job!
fedora
#gnome3 looks good. but cannot say that it is very customizable...
gnome3
that's strange! twitter.com keeps crashing in chrome fedora 15...
ani who? me?? i dont even have windows on my system since february!
100th century at Lords would be the best!!
lol. no right click almost everywhere!! #gnome3 #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
typical. firefox occupies more screen space than necessary in #gnome3. #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
fedora 15 is good. i like it. :)
tweeting from fedora 15 &quot;Lovelock&quot; live cd. gnome 3... i think i'll take it.
downloaded #fedora 15 once again! hope it works properly this time...
fedora
some #kde programs that #gnome might never be able to beat: kate, yakuake and k3b.
kde
gnome
the Jura mountains in Switzerland.
#lessinterestingbooks Bored Ultimatum
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks Harry Potter and the Bengal Prince
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks  Harry Potter and the Prisoners of Tihar
lessinterestingbooks
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Daytime Daffodil&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from ://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps!
I earned the Lone Wolf sticker on @GetGlue! ://bit.ly/kyC9ft
proteinex is the best!
RT Awesome free ebook of startup wisdom from Hiten Shah, Noah Kagan, Patrick McKenzie and others ://bit.ly/MicroConf2
Anirudh S looted a cool item at ://t.co/Y7Vo6bE 0 ago
wow! that sure would be superb!
lol. my coll's curriculum is pathetic! the teaching is worse... just passion to write code drives us forward...
sure. right now or long term? i study at nit trichy. 3rd year btech comp sci. right now working on the app... :P
yeah. working on the existing android app of wordpress...
AAAAND... ITS MY 1000TH TWEET!! 4 figures. ;) &quot;dedicate&quot; it to my amma - - the best mom in the whole world!!
some stats: 50% download of fedora 15 over. today is my mom's star bday. this is my 999th tweet. ;)
kinda yes. dunno what to plan...
dunno. parents wouldn't be at home...
would like a tweeple meetup at chennai. would be fun! any1 up for it?
thanks da. :)
the starter kit contains a pen, some documents to be read, a cute notebook and the prepaid card... #gsoc
gsoc
yay! got my google summer of code starter kit now ! :-)
wait. when did fedora 15 stable get released? @kadithya: u know?
klout is cool. i like it. @klout
just had tomato soup made my grandma! was awesome! perfect for this weather...
very cloudy here. might rain later in the day... :)
wow! awesome weather at chennai today!
good morning tweeps. will be working the whole day today...
timeline problem - Twitter Status ://t.co/tbMoSRo via @twitter
still not able to recover my timeline... what is going on??
what just happened? my timeline disappeared! #twitter
twitter
want a a csk vs mi finals this year too. after all, noone would mind losing to SRT. of course, i'd expect csk to win! #ipl #csk #whistlepodu
ipl
csk
whistlepodu
why would ravi shastri have to carry his personal computer along with him to tweet? he can always tweet from his mobile. #ipl
ipl
why should I implement a GridView? I can as well implement nested Linear Layouts if i know how many elements i'm using...  #android
android
whattacatch! #whattaman #srt
whattaman
srt
just received 2 coupons for discount of 100Rs on Inkfruit t-shirts, through freecharge. can i use both coupons on the same tshirt?
omg. just now woke up after a loooooong sleep.
ok
cycling in the evening. will check availability of movie tickets.
ya. some1 online.
hard-fought draw! feels great after being on the brink of losing...
must be greater in size or space than what's allowed...
y don't u have a proper twitter dp?
if u already haven't bought an inkfruit tee #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
if u r gonna tweet just to win free t-shirts #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
in my college, comp sci subjects are taught better in other depts like EEE and ICE. sad. and would agree...
neatly explained solution for second shortest path. ://bit.ly/mIJXwk
wow! linux using javascript! ://bellard.org/jslinux/
feel like going through topcoder algorithm tutorials now...
and how is it that i have never come upon this? it is just awesome!  ://oeis.org/
this is good. ://jlongster.com/s/dom3d/ lags a bit in my browser though...
&quot;The distance between two points on a sphere will be proportional to the chord connecting them.&quot; hmmm...
://groups.google.com/group/algogeeks is the link. u can join the group if u r interested. (a li'l spammy though)
solution didn't exceed expectations. typical O(log n) solution only. but one nice obsvn. not considering leading zeros. so n always odd...
reading a discussion on finding whether the binary representation of a number is a palindrome or not...
ubuntu mouse pointer lag hurts... painful to see it move across slowly...
so, i guess i'll go read those mails for the next one hour... #algogeeks
algogeeks
abt 550 mails in my mailbox under the label algogeeks. been filtering and storing them for a long time without reading them properly...
is planning to go on a tweet spree soon. mobile followers, if any, please be warned...
nothing motivates me better than failure! let the coding begin...
damn! so close to submitting solution to 500 problem! #topcoder
topcoder
&quot;error: declaration of &#128;&#152;std::vector&amp;lt;coin&amp;gt; coins&#128;&#153; shadows a parameter&quot; - very helpful. thank u! #sarcasm
sarcasm
when was the last time i saw dawn??
there! this is my twitter theme for the day.
I just rated 9 Superhero Movies using How many can you rate? ://bit.ly/kEVgGy
am thinking of getting myself a t-shirt from seems good...
feel good to wake up early! especially this early!!
it feels funny when u sleep for long and wake up at the time when u usually go to sleep daily...
32 degrees C. chennai alwarpet.
some guy in my timeline retweeted stuff from microsoft about windows phone and all that... immediately unfollowed him.
lol. i AM planning to... :P
wow! that was awesome! my new cycle is very comfortable, i must say! exceeded my expectations. full 10 out of 10!
time to go cycling! :-)
almost dozed while watching tv... i dont even remember what i was watching... back to work.
RT @cricinfo_news: Anand Ramachandran on the awesomeness of Chris Gayle | Page 2 | ESPN Cricinfo ://t.co/hDMJorf
interested in learning magic tricks? watch Indrajit Murali in sri sankara channel at 1pm on weekdays. he's really good...
i'd say zaheer khan instead of bollinger or praveen kumar...
gotta resume working now...
yay! connected to the internet thru ubuntu!!
my ubuntu not connecting to my wireless connection even after multiple restarts. dunno why...
y isnt my internet connection working???
want to put the netbook at home to good use. any suggestions?
changed my twitter background after a looong time. feels fresh and different now. must remember to do it often...
to sleep or not to sleep? irritated that code isn't working. not sleepy either...
very misleadingly titled article...
Rahul Gandhi
i think u look the same even now! (tat foto)
dhoni can't do anything wrong today! de villiers goes... #ipl #csk
ipl
csk
peanut butter
t-shirt or shirt?
Get free coupons with every mobile recharge ://t.co/y7HgnEJ via @freechargein
dmk complains that Rebecca Black was responsible for their 2nd successive horrible friday. makes &quot;tgif&quot; taboo within party.
yeah! me too.
if they had been THAT brave enough, they would have surrendered on their own...
i dedicate my 900th tweet to @simulation! he's my dad and he's fun to follow on twitter...
now plz shut that stupid channel down...
news channels...
for all those who pronounce kanimozhi as kanimoli or kanimoyi, this is the way to do it. ://vocaroo.com/?media=vmXAMIUIrhbl6CGWr
i think i might move over permanently from vlc to banshee for music...
Support #Android, add a #twibbon now! - ://twb.ly/3c9veB - Create one here - ://twb.ly/f02AU3
Android
twibbon
Support #WordPress, add a #twibbon now! - ://twb.ly/6HK8am - Create one here - ://twb.ly/f02AU3
WordPress
twibbon
I earned the Check-in Rookie sticker on @GetGlue! ://bit.ly/llWuUm
I just rated 12 Animation Movies using How many can you rate? ://bit.ly/j5eVSr
i dont think i'll have a use for fedora anymore... installed eclipse, adt plugin and other necessary stuff in ubuntu 11.04...
I earned the Addon Adhesive sticker on @GetGlue! ://bit.ly/mkJWL2
tweetdeck, where's my droid, barcode scanner and maybe gmote too...
u can try chromed bird for tweeting. it has an url shortener within it too...
Sir, if you can click the reply button every time u reply to someone's tweet, we wud know in what context, ur tweet is in. Thanks.
A letter to Rahul Vinci (&quot;Rahul Gandhi&quot;) s://www.facebook.com/topic.php?uid=111552515531825&amp;topic=924
thank you @twitvim!! this is really awesome!
I can now tweet from vim!! Awesome!
anirudh24seven
do u mean gilly and marsh?
of course!! :)
we can get our phones upgraded from Froyo to Gingerbread. i.e. Android 2.2 to Android 2.3
of course, it'll happen only later for India...
Did u hear the news? Gingerbread Promised for Galaxy Devices by End of May ://bit.ly/m1oCOF
decided that i'll sleep throughout the morning and afternoon on weekdays and do a night-out daily. can't stand the summer heat...
for every arbit tweet that i see, i am unfollowing that person. feels good to keep my timeline clean...
yeah. saw those &quot;scenarios&quot; article on cricinfo? they haven't updated it after yday's match though...
oops! lol. yeah... even i want bangalore to lose...
he knows that no total can be small enough for gayle. smart playing... #gilly
gilly
planning to install a lot of chrome extensions...
oh. 21st of this month? will check the invitation for the exact location now. am coming...
how abt ://theme.wordpress.com/themes/clean-home/ ?
my work is related to d UI. existing app has an old style interface which is not v intuitive. trying to make it more easy to use
if u r usin twitter through twitter.com, u'll usually see &quot;# new tweets received&quot; which u'd have to click. this eliminates tat
modifying the existing wordpress android app...
cool. :)
Auto refresh twitter - Chrome Extension. u ppl might like it. ://bit.ly/eKMPnG
wow! @HowStuffWorks's android app is awesome!
9-5? which day of the week? i'm having daily power cut from 11 to 11.45...
Mini idly and masal dosai at grand sweets. :) (@ Grand Sweets) ://4sq.com/kgN4D4
maybe its an Apple-sponsored attack to make the masses believe that iPhone is indeed popular... #facebook #spam
facebook
spam
will unfollowing constitute fair play?
i judged a book by its cover and i turned out to be right ! :P
what a wonderful morning! forced myself to wake up. am all eager to visit the koturpuram library today... have a great day tweeple!
of course! very true...
they are responsible for powercuts, water shortages and bad roads. it affects everyone. that's why we vote...
now, the question is, &quot;who will become the opposition leader?&quot; gabdun or mk ?? #tnelections
tnelections
Facebook admits hiring PR firm to smear Google ://t.co/yn44TPh via @engadget
://brooksreview.net/2011/05/ballmer/ Can anyone challenge these views?
BREAKING NEWS: Mother's day celebrated again in TN, 5 days after original Mother's day! #amma #tnelections
amma
tnelections
both the major parties promised freebies... and one is leading. is it still a snub? i think ppl still want freebies...
which constituency? mylapore?
depends on how many seats his party manages to win... :P
do u know abt mylapore? how can i find out?
lol. ://gabeswebsite.com/images/funny/wrestle.gif
not so disappointed though. got the 500 right. whew! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
read the qsn wrong for 250. thought that final configuration was given n was asked to calculate the initial config. #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
me! me! me too!RT @ashwinjagadeesh: Anyone else feeling ashamed to say rahul gandhi an indian?
gaaaah!! made a mistake in my solution! damn!! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
intermission phase now... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
if it is c++, then i think ://cplusplus.com/reference/stl/ can help u a lot...
why's that?
lol. only 15 submissions for the 1000 pt problem so far... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
i HATE youtube!!
u seem to be in a good mood. guess what i had for dinner now. :D (u'll surely love it if u try it!)
why is  ://developer.android.com/videos/index.html down? shows a 404: Not Found error!
wow!! i was just searching for the same thing!! thanks!
wikipedia did say thru twitter that there might be some problems, right?
i was all excited about google music beta and requested an invitation! only to find that the service was available only in the US... :'-(
Want to watch the keynote speech by live streaming. But leaving for a movie now. :-( #io2011
io2011
never realized that if u enclose text with * in gchat, it appears in bold. for example, *hello* will make hello appear as bold... #gchat
gchat
haha. i &quot;dedicate&quot; my 800th tweet to you with this reply!!
oh. never realized that i am already close to 800 tweets... this is easy :P
there can't be a new TR-rage... cos he's already T 'RAGE'ndar...
i think i am so getting used to working from home... :P hope that the habit doesn't continue when i get a job...
#chatzilla is my favorite irc client...  the only reason i have got firefox running on my comp, actually...
chatzilla
bad luck. my q&amp;a session with the #wordpress community has been scheduled to 10.30pm today. wud be in satyam watching Ko with family. #gsoc
wordpress
gsoc
yuvraj with ganguly now... :)
videos are always an awesome way to learn stuff.
wonders why gtug chennai doesn't have a twitter account yet...
when hasn't Microsoft tried that?
ganguly's strike rate is 0, right now... #ipl4
ipl4
want to follow all google sites on twitter? here is the link... ://www.google.com/intl/en/press/twitter-directory.html
rightly said! :)
wish twitter provided some badges... or wait! is twitter awesome because it doesn't do all that??
my thoughts exactly !! :P
machi. just noticed that you have more followers than following!! #celebrity da nee! @Satish_NR
celebrity
i think i might reach 800 tweets by today...
thanks! :)
myself, sriram, sagar sumit and nivash went through a few rounds but didn't get it. not sure about nivash...
feels that most of my college mates cannot stop bragging about their internships on facebook... grow up ppl! what say ?
Lunch over. Was good. :-)
for that he should try. We shouldn't try... :P
lol. No no. the talks on #android apps r usually awesome... #io2011
android
io2011
everyone is capable of everything. What we do determines who we are... #thathuvam
thathuvam
acquisition of skype by microsoft confirmed... :(
gotta have lunch now. will maybe tweet from my mobile then... :P
wish that the Action Bar widget was available for #android versions &amp;lt; 3.0 too...
android
the more you learn, the more you can think and come up with better ideas... #knowledge #thathuvam
knowledge
thathuvam
i haven't downloaded google chrome 11 on my fedora yet, just because i don't like the logo... :P
nice to see that you are still concerned about the indian education system. i gave up long ago...
and while you are it, you can check out the actual #io2011 website too... ://www.google.com/events/io/2011/ #google #awesome
io2011
google
awesome
going for 'ko' nightshow at satyam today... #ko
ko
what if i can't go to #io2011 ? i'll live stream it or look at it online later... :)
io2011
wonder why gmail every time seemingly seems to be loading something for a loooong time while nothing is actually loaded... #gmail
gmail
love the android app for google i/o 2011... looks awesome! ://bit.ly/knyOMt check out the screenshots! #io2011
io2011
i think i shall start tweeting...
lol at @RajivMakhni's remark that its sad tat mobile manufacturers haven't yet come up with a phone for ppl who can't use one of their hands
can u summarize what is different in this year's contest from last year? i want to know before i get into it...
u r a chennaiite if u r tweeting about #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
if u can't finish ur dinner at a restaurant, ask the waiter to 'pack' it... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
anyone living in sowcarpet is a settu... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
always quote half of ur intended price to auto drivers. they are sure to double it. #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
ah! that feeling of satisfaction when ur mom hands u cold coffee at home... #priceless
priceless
To kapaleeshwarar temple now, with family. :-)
i want an awesome reminder app for android. free app, of course. any suggestions?
it is just awesome!! my default twitter client on mobile. extremely user-friendly! #tweetdeck
tweetdeck
it would. one might never know when he'd be armed again and destroy countless lives again...
sleeeeepy... want to replace my broken ubuntu with something proper b4 going to sleep. found that 11.04 wasn't to my liking.
disappointed and disgusted with  #natty... #unity
natty
unity
counter-intuitive,unnecessarily takin up valuable screen space,flashy enuf to please all kids.congrats ubuntu! u sure have dug ur own grave.
damn! I didn't da... :-( semma flop. I didn't even meet ht ma'am as senior couldn't contact me due to some mobile problem... :-(
dravid's wicket would cheer up randiv after being slammed around by him...
@Messidk90: think its time that you learnt that its 'loser' and not 'looser'. u r gonna be a final year student soon... @Satish_NR
gotta start packing now... sigh... #boring
boring
yay! exams over! spending time on learning more vim stuff now... #vim #fun
vim
fun
guess so...
listening to Sambho Siva Sambo now...
now playing PuliUrumudhu. in the mood for loud, noisy songs now...
Damn! RT No undue sympathy to students falling short on attendance: Court ://bit.ly/km8cJm
an experienced user like u had to search for the terminal! that's just bad. #unity
unity
://t.co/W73ex9F For those who are still fans of #ubuntu, 11.04 has been released. #unity
ubuntu
unity
I remember celebrating the release of 10.10 not long ago. I dont even feel like trying 11.04 though...
Worm horror in Subway chicken sandwich ://t.co/sVN6Wlc
Softlinks vs. Hardlinks: A Quick Explanation | Techthrob.com ://j.mp/k7iSek via @AddToAny
great to have you back on twitter !
i dont think i'd want an ipad at any point of my life. #ipad2 #india
ipad2
india
Big shoutout to all fellow hackers . Be there at 'Triggr The Mobile' on 14th May 2011, Noida ://triggr.in #triggr @triggrin
triggr
should pause the work on my project. time to have breakfast. very hungry.
the most attractive employer in india! ://t.co/dTaPT2N5
yahoo made so many awesome web products. it started going down when it stopped innovating.
whew. power back. can start working on my project now.
hmmm. this bing desktop app is decent.
want. when will lumia 900 start shipping to other countries like india?
good morning! :)
lol. no thanks. :D
enough of twitter. finding it difficult to study.
luckily, i was advised not to go home and bring back my windows phone. would have been heavily distracted by it, now during exams.
enjoying the rain?
i wonder what is the point of studying all this if i am not able to write it in the exam within the given time. :-/
they should give extra 15 minutes in exams for slow writers like myself. :P
only solution is to listen to music from my comp. :-/
this random music from the 2nd floor of my hostel is at a perfect sound level to keep me disturbed. neither too high nor too low.
point taken. :)
news source?
going to change my approach to studying. will first finish studying the summarized version in my notes and then read the textbook. #adbms
adbms
Bayern hs bn knwn to b involved wit charitable ventures,helping other FC's in financial disarray as well as ordinary people in misery. #wiki
wiki
my support for today's match: Bayern Munich.
:D
slowly getting into knowing more about football clubs. looking out for a team to support.
And both, dropbox and skydrive allow you complete control over your files. they remain yours and yours alone.
Not to mention that Google can use all your files in whatever way they want. Google has surely become evil with its terms n conditions.
Google drive's 5GB looks stupid in the face of 25 GB offered by Microsoft skydrive.
they effectively shared the cost of the patents  and both of them can use all those patents under a licensing deal. nice.
Microsoft selling many of those AOL patents to facebook is a good move for both of them.
synset in nltk is awesome!
want a python interpreter on android. how difficult will it be to implement? hmmm...
i want to sleep. :( but no power in hostel. might have to sleep in clc itself.
i don't think i will be participating in topcoder srm's in a long time. the last 2 were hard enough to make me lose my interest.
there. another huge drop in my rating.
nope. i am no way consistent.
wow. whatte result. failed system test. :-/
there is no such thing as too much internet.
based on text mining, sentiment analysis and twitter. :)
windows phone development is good. i feel that it is easier and better than android to work with. i haven't worked with ios though.
i think that there is no point of waiting for this topcoder srm results anymore. it could take up the whole night.
moral of the story: speak up if you don't like something. u might come under heavy fire initially but u'll finally get what u want. :)
there. issue solved. classmates shifted their mokka posts to another new group. :)
will the central lecture hall complex be open for students in the mornings too? i can come here and work on my project tomo, then.
and i have been waiting for this for more than an hour now...
omg! it seems that the admins remembered to click the &quot;system test&quot; button only a few minutes ago! is this even true? #topcoder
topcoder
first they set problems that require 3 nested for loops and now they announce that system tests are slow. a link between the two, perhaps?
this is bad. system test results have not yet been updated. the situation has been like this for the past many srm's. #topcoder
topcoder
quantal quetzal??? seriously?? this is going downhill since the last 2 releases.
stupid classmates spamming all over the facebook group.
irritating classmates. jobless people.
very tough topcoder matches lately. dunno what is going on. number of solvers has decreased a lot.
at least i solved a problem. but wait, let me see whether it passes system tests.
wasted &amp;gt;45 minutes on one &quot;+k&quot; bug in a tc srm!! :(
i want a bot that listens to ur problems, gives solutions, makes u feel happy once again. why? cos most people are epic fail at such things.
could not sleep for a very long time yday night and had horrible nightmares during the one hour that I slept. #fail
fail
it is amazing to know what extent people can go to, in trying to defend their ridiculous behavior.
power cut. lol.
looking into part of speech tagging now. strongly feel that this is the most important part of my project.
In the middle of the 7th hour of a 9 hour power cut now. Did I mention that it is 40&#176;C over here?
Honeycomb was an aberration. Android tablets never deserved it. ICS is so beautiful on my tablet! Its just perfect on screens of this size.
i do agree that oracle is being a patent troll. but what google did was plain foolish mismanagement.
don't u think that google is at fault? they took something that is free for personal use but used it for commercial purposes.
conclusion: i can't make a nandroid backup on my tab until i free up a lot of space.hmmm.
my reason why i am not buying a ticket to google i/o: second week of office at microsoft &amp;gt; google i/o
even though i qualified, i am not going to buy a ticket nor do i want to go to google I/O this time. ://t.co/tQ8SQCkw
very bad day for my project, so far.
not forgetting that argument and holding on to that memory is even worse.
my view on michael clarke changed immediately after the first wi vs aus test match. that guy is one awesome captain!
and the first one on that list would be aokp, of course.
tempted to begin trying out custom ROMs on my galaxy tab 10.1 as well.
damn. almost forgot that i have a few deadlines to meet, today.
oh well. i wouldn't be spending 900$ (plus more for travel and acco) to visit google i/o anyway.
i hate these power cuts. :(
lol at the mail discussion among iit-m profs.
wow. i thought my college admin is bad. iit madras admin seems to be worse.
the problem with my studying style is that i tend to start all over from the first, every time i sit down to study.
mokka authors. talking about black holes enveloping the earth and destroying all the data in a text book.
i hope there isn't a power cut at 9.15.
3 types of storage - volatile storage, nonvolatile storage and stable storage. #adbms
adbms
i think i will study for my exam tomorrow before working on my project again.
i have ended up writing a bit of ruby code and getting to know that i might have to learn a bit of perl and snowball as well!
this is going crazy. i thought i could do my project in java, python, c++ or some other language that i already knew.
you awake? one doubt in rts portions.
How much has wb actually improved under the new cm?
Of course, I was not referring to any elder sister of mine in the previous tweet.
Bratty, immature and just plain intolerant. #didi
didi
bored of reading already. guess i'll work on my project for a while now.
reading the output returned from a twitter api call now. so much data! makes me feel wow!
the twitter api kinda returns a comedy xml though. wonder why hastags have an extra &amp;lt;text&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/text&amp;gt; tags around them. hmmm...
random powercut. :(
can retrieve 3200 tweets using my ruby code now! #relieved
relieved
tc
i thought that at least round 1c would be easier. :( this is insanely hard!
exhausted! :( but i knew that this would happen.
thanks! :)
codeacademy is easily the best place to learn coding for beginners.
very important day tomorrow. google code jam and topcoder open round 1c.
your thoughts on the newly created Microsoft Open Technologies?
Sweet in mess today for Tamil new year ://t.co/JqE1L5rV
when will my wp7 ever come? :(
always felt that people who can paint are v interesting people. good job google. more of them will be known to the world now. #artproject
artproject
wondering what this google art project is.
ok.
even feels that my room feels stuffy and hot.
I woke up now and felt just the same. ://t.co/seseHn7S #feelingthesameasameme
feelingthesameasameme
Challenge accepted.
Trying out bubbly. This is kinda cool. Listen at: ://t.co/JRxpywSC
Wow! These prickly heat powders really do work! #summerheat
summerheat
Can tweeting about studies actually help in studying? #importantkoshchin
importantkoshchin
announced where? anyone from our wing?
Lol. Coin attracted to a magnetized tester spinning crazily in front of a table fan. ://t.co/UcJaB2Pn
i am going to change.
this is crazy. power is back. what is going on?
power cut again.
so, google+ has something that looks a timeline too.
the google+ plane never took off and it has burst into flames already.
lol. what happened to the interface at google+??
muhahaha. power back.
no water in cooler. dying of thirst and dehydration!
what the hell! power cut again! i dont want to live in this stupid place!
I just love the keys on my l lappy ://t.co/OTI28Ke5
Dear fan. Y U NOOO SPIN?  ://t.co/evQJ5aOH
outrageously funny!! ://t.co/8gYmVpWG
realized that some users do not want to believe that every piece of software runs on code.
Extremely dehydrated. :(
Friends doing what they usually do ://t.co/VCarFYWf
laptop low battery. i think i'll study something from my tab now.
LOL!
using my table fan again. yay!
successful project review. :) our hard work paid off. yay!
time is 10:07 am #uselesstweet
uselesstweet
i'm impressed with the content-price ratio though. #funbook
funbook
lol. this funbook pic shows IE as an app. but the fact is, there is no IE on android! ://t.co/9gDHYEpX
realized that it is always best to be neutral towards companies, platforms and all kinds of software. #onemightneverknowhowtheychange
onemightneverknowhowtheychange
after all, project is for 6 credits (=2 subjects) and each review is like a CT. better to focus on it now.
i think i will concentrate on my project for the next 2 hours and shut down my laptop before the power cut begins.
was looking into codeplex now. i think i'll rather wait for it to gather some momentum before hopping on to it.
now that i have decided to become google-neutral, i am now moving my codes from ://t.co/VxKtMI8w to github.
ok ok. :D
summa da. Leela, ht, ssk, msb and a few other profs had a meeting. That's all.
couldn't resist taking a pic of this conversation :D ://t.co/jFtLPfne
:D
My precious ://t.co/r0FgTbGl
Random window ://t.co/xqGFj8I8
wattabottle ://t.co/dlwljqZl
'Maad'ern college ://t.co/0Pre27NO
looking into powertop now.
having green font on a black background does not make one a 'hacker'.
some secret meeting of the 'rebel' profs going on. plz note.
damn. the ideapad yoga is priced at 1900$!! that is way too costly. :(
and that of course means that i can be on twitter as well. :P
trying to download ieee papers related to sentiment analysis from college lab wifi now.
Last 1.30 class ever!
fb should have produced an instagram rival last year itself. approx 30$ per user on instagram to buy it out.
That was a great session with my project team mates! Feeling confident about my project now. :)
u submitted?
when submission? Tuesday only, right?
yes da. :(
omg!!! completely forgot!! have a huge assignment to finish!!
kalaai max! :D ://t.co/hZiwvG91
waiting for lumia 900 to start trending on twitter.
all of us suppli then. :P
there. perfectly caps a horrible day. didn't get my windows phone today. missed most of csk match. couldn't study properly. flopped tc now.
solved the 250 extremely slowly! worst performance ever. no time to finish 500. #tc
tc
sadly, i slept off and missed round 1a.
topcoder open round 1b starting in a minute.
monday morning.
oh. ok ok. thanks da. what else news? when is project review? this thursday, friday?
ok. thanks. how were the ct questions?
what to study in rts and adbms? the portions discussed on the fb group?
need help about what to study and how to study.
machi. need help about ct da.
no idea da. came back yday night.
Cleant it in spite of my mom's protests. Works without a noise now. :) yay!
For so many months, my home pc used to whine and groan so loudly! Opened it, found that there was dust accumulated on the fan.
Dad singing ://t.co/yOrcVHOS
do blog abt it da. Want to do the same.
Chuck this stupid adv dbms subject. Going to switch to rts now.
If there was something that motivated me to study, it was the fact that my friends were studying too. Now that is also gone.
When everyone else was studying, i was enjoying. Now i have to study, when everyone else enjoys.
idlis are best eaten with the help of yoursporks. i just did. :)
Ranganathan ://t.co/uci2ExoY
i frankly don't see the point in dancing. i came here for food. please stop dancing people, so that they van serve us food.
they can force me to the dance floor but they can't make me dance.
can feel the whole place resonate due to this extremely loud music!!! mavane! i am going deaf!
won a Microsoft bottle. yay!
with the new t shirt that i received ://t.co/OioOzmQI
Just posted a photo ://t.co/x9aKO6vK
at Hyderabad. for Microsoft new hires day.
Hotel Tara ://t.co/vA5n1Js7
Just posted a photo ://t.co/gShkjTtP
Just posted a photo ://t.co/NO5KTYQ2
Just posted a photo ://t.co/iHmqVbEj
First ://t.co/kz1FfgzF
instagram for android!
Hyderabad airport is beautiful!
hmmm. i might be working on visual studio. i might even get what i want, too. get to work on windows phone, perhaps?
in airport waiting for ranga.
Ct 2 over!! :D for me, at least. ;)
thanks da.
need notes for central bank da. can u take photo and upload?
Google's Apr1 pranks sound so mokkai.
why?
my class rep is an idiot.
galaxy ace.
damn! forgot about today's topcoder match and slept off in the evening! remembered only now!
apps related to carnatic music. nothing much actually.
damn. i sat down to read about text mining and ended up making a rage comic!
great that the guys at ://t.co/xp3gl9J4 replied. their reference links would be useful for my project. :)
hmmm. what do i do now?
Back to omega. But its v3 now. Blazing speed... :)
Every single fourth year boy must have come to the mess for evening snacks today!! What is happening??
Raining suddenly like a big storm here!!
Missing my phone camera. Moving to omegav3 from cm9.
totally love this!
this was just waiting to happen. regionalism on twitter.
it doesn't?? :D
got my flight tickets to attend new hires day. :) #microsoft
microsoft
and i think the best reflection of that transformation is metro.
microsoft is surely transforming.
i hope that i get a lumia 900 when i join office! :D
hmmm.
rapidminer is awesome!
not bad. i am working on my project without getting distraced by twi... OOPS!
was so happy that i was working on my project properly from today. saw that my prof had already mailed me yday asking abt my progress!
not yet. will be receiving a htc surround very shortly. most probably would be getting one when i join office too.
Nice! Windows Phone was not supposed to get LTE support  till Apollo. ://t.co/ERwI0c76
ah ha! look at this. ://t.co/FerRJQNL
this is strange. i didn't unfollow anyone recently but when i go visit a few people's profile, it says that i don't follow them anymore.
i used to loathe power cuts when i was a kid. i don't even know what term to use to describe my feelings for them now.
cyan!
Lumia 900!!
6 signs Microsoft has got its mojo&#160;back ://t.co/l7zhhKrq
reading a paper titled as &quot;Towards Linux as a Real Time Hypervisor&quot;. interesting.
Temple run is finally here on android!
or even view it on your pillow cover! :)
realized the same thing last week.
of course, i'd be getting it for free from microsoft india as part of that &quot;i unlock joy campaign&quot; for developing 4 windows phone apps.
it might not be the latest wp but am still eagerly waiting for my htc surround as it would be my first #windowsphone experience!
windowsphone
dunno da.
dunno what will be done.
ind eco only. he seems to be as lazy as me. :D
ranga. :P
at least i don't look sincere. :P
just realized that some people are not as sincere as they seem to be. #assignmentteammate
assignmentteammate
ah. the moment i close twitter, the attachment starts getting uploaded properly.
hotmail doesn't seem to be very good in handling attachments. this is so frustrating!
wow. ://t.co/Cb7U5SA1 has improved its website a little. looks more pleasant now.
Adithya from comp sci. was known as &quot;Mess&quot;.
doubtful. am a final year at NIT-T right now. got the news from my bro who was 3 years senior to me here at NITT. disturbing news.
u from NIT-T?
running ICS on my phone! can't believe it!!
finally!!
hmmm. seem to be stuck on the start screen.
wow! the starting animation rocks!!
whew. installed successfully.
60% over. system being installed right now.
flashing cm9 beta5 on my galaxy ace now. hopefully everything should go fine.
the team behind interviewstreet seems to be  doing a wonderful job! can feel interviewstreet's presence almost everywhere now!
and the best part? my rating was as low as 625 at one point of time! :D feels good now.
yay! my rating crossed 1000 in #topcoder at last!
topcoder
166th in div2. hmmm. i should have still solved that 300 pt problem correctly. not good. scope for a lot of improvement. #topcoder
topcoder
Am finally able to retrieve tweets using twitter4j. More hopeful about my project now.
true that.
damn. cant even update my twitter app settings at ://t.co/vzLIMiUm. keeps saying that Twitter is over capacity.
trying out clementine now.
hilarious! Gizmodo: &quot;we gave people an ipad 2, told them it was the new ipad and they loved it&quot; ://t.co/MPD9xhMd
://t.co/JxN4K4pE posting your question here might help.
Intel is going to insane levels to popularize its ultrabooks! Aweome video! Social experiment, it seems. ://t.co/nVX2V0uE
both. :)
i wasn't surprised by the climax but what happens in the middle of the book.
the secret of the nagas is a good book. of course, not good as a stand-alone book but along with the immortals of meluha.
missed today's topcoder srm because the rooms were full before i could register.
Power cut in hostels. Bed bugs even in AC bus, on the way home. Rotten life.
quality of cricinfo has just plummeted.
&quot;it was destined that SRT wud get his 100th century against &amp;amp; in the country where he had equalled Gavaskar's then-record 34 Test centuries&quot;
Cheap cricinfo. I bet hey would have written &quot;it was destiny&quot; if Sachin had hit the 100th at any time in any place.
@unreachableHost
why would people unfollow anyway?
omg! I think I clicked unfollow by accident! I would never unfollow u on purpose da. sorry buddy.
hosted at ://t.co/cDSeMaLy
source code?
please don't retweet this.
trying to use twitter4j now.
lol. those guys have used the same BGM in their promo trailer as my coll guys did, for pragyan. #copy
copy
kuruksastra?? seriously, what kind of a name is that?
sure! :)
back to reading about my project.
omg. i totally forgot to let twitterverse know about my new android app. here it is. Bunk Score. s://t.co/AmqBZ5S3..
Things seem to be changing at Google. ://t.co/Z1Aw9Ey1
there. topped up using freecharge.
not from this semester.
feeling very sleepy.
lol.
its 4.30! yay! running off to mess. #thathungry
thathungry
naanga nambuvom. avanga nambuvaangalaa? :P
lol.
as a student developer, i honestly think that developing for windows phone is much easier than developing for android.
will give myself an hour to finish this app.
hmmm.
hungry. :-/
dunno. not very clear about what the msg exactly means.
dunno. not very clear about the msg exactly means.
my previous tweet is the msg i got from airtel. shortened to fit within 140 chars, of course.
Ur Twitter on USSD wil b renewed in nxt 3 days n u'll be charged Rs5 for 5 days from ur airtel mobile account. To unsubscribe, dial *515*22#
wth! has airtel decided to charge users for using twitter through sms?? 5 Rs for 5 days??
i wonder where i misplaced my data cable for my phone.
first, got to finish that bunk score app.
:)
i found most ebooks too difficult to start with. i started with those tutorials at ://t.co/LBq5LZyW.
that beard gave him that thalaivar status. #baasha
baasha
it is time i admit on twitter that i have watched #baasha only once ever in my life. thalaivare, please forgive me.
baasha
no. :(
twitter, Y U NO showing #basha as a trending tag??
basha
programming isn't just a skill. its a way of thinking.
nope. not at all.
don't worry. use the right earphones. *trollface* :D
#CLT Sitapathe by Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer
CLT
one simply doesn't wish chuck norris belated birthday wishes.
72 years ago, Chuck Norris decided to let humanity know his presence.
true.
:P
been using that list for almost a year now. :)
i don't even know why i typed the above tweet. am very jobless, i guess.
cow and dog fighting near the dustbin near the mess. visible from room.
maate maladwaja in khamas ranks as one of my favorite songs of all time.
so what shall we do about the tweetup? what shall we discuss about?
check this out. s://t.co/JF5UZBLj
will let those guys know. :P
why so? why not a different model?
hmmm. looking into twitter4j now.
i hate it when klout makes me tweet stupid things to enable me to complete quests.
According to @klout, my Klout score is 51. How influential are you? ://t.co/ZETS90eO
first step. data retrieval. get me those tweets, i say.
will get started on my project now.
still waiting for my new windows phone 7 device. hope i get it at least by the end of this month.
running ubuntu, win 7 and win 8 consumer preview successfully on my laptop now. #tripleboot
tripleboot
this Boot-Repair script suggested in the Ubuntu FAQ is amazing! recovering my ubuntu grub became a breeze after installing it.
This is new to me. Never knew that power goes at 4.30 am as well. #sleeplessnight
sleeplessnight
900 kbps. good.
so what's the plan?
great! my blog ://t.co/45cyhq7N reached 15,000 views! :)
&quot;So dude, what's the new iPad called?&quot; &quot;...&quot;
Lol. I bet no blogger or tech mag guessed this name. The new iPad, it is.
The fact that there is a bias against giving respect to female people in the Hindi language speaks volumes about the people who created it.
many bugs fixed. new features added. i heard that something like more than 100,000 changes were brought about in the code.
honest suggestion. don't join my college. we are having &amp;gt;10 hours of powercut daily from this semester.
AIR 1100. Tamilnadu state 28.
NIT Trichy.
nice. :)
21. you?
i wanted to upgrade that windows 8 developer preview in my third partition to consumer preview. forgot. will do it tomo.
@Aarthi_2410, your Klout Score is decent (I'm a 51). Check out your profile today! ://t.co/DP3WPElP
I just completed the Connect all networks quest on Join me:  ://t.co/LjHpRIDg
would've retweeted that if not for the expletive. relatives following on twitter. :D
apple innovates. samsung copies. developers make it better. consumers benefit.
in brand power? surely! :)
if people researched, they would go for the one with the better config. but they don't research.
all those depend on the trust of people on apple. they dont research about products much.
i strongly feel that companies keep releasing products. so the &quot;Best Product&quot; title shifts back n forth. natural. :)
the original tab is nothing short of disgusting. the 10.1 is really good. maybe the ipad HD will trump galaxy tab 2 10.1.
exactly my point. love for steve jobs, worshippers and fanboys of apple. remove them n its a good product. not the best.
my grandpa owns an ipad2 &amp; my cousin owns an ipad.i like android as an OS. but the lack of updates from samsung? i hate.
product brand, advertising and fan following contribute to sales. if u compare them feature by feature, d 10.1 is better.
as long as there are communities away from the control of manufacturers and google, i am happy with android. :)
i don't particularly hate apple. just that my wants aren't exactly oriented with the devices that they make. :)
one need not even root an android phone to customize the looks of the OS.
i know about jailbreaking but android, by default provides thousands of launchers and apps to substitute system apps.
i chucked that slow, laggy ROM on my android device and installed a custom ROM. better speed, battery life, etc.
it is very smooth. trust me. i love apple for its innovation. but i feel other platforms provide more control for the user.
i feel customization trumps everything else. android allows a lot of customization. iOS doesn't.
i have loved the look n feel of mac os x. but i could make my ubuntu completely look like that. #customization
customization
s2 is light in weight. some ppl like the plastic feel n some dont. the bigger screen is awesome too!
Galaxy Tab 10.1 vs ipad 2. i have used both n felt the tab 10.1 was better. it has better camera too.
brand building? Yes. But best product? no. Samsung beats apple there.
Samsung is crazy. Launching so many Android phones. No brand building at all.
Google doesn't care about users with slow internet connection. Market/Play n Google+ are perfect examples.
WHY THE HELL IS THE MOBILE VERSION OF THE HINDU WEBSITE DISPLAYING FULL PAGE POP UP ADS???
Although i don't like siegler, this article is good. RT @TechCrunch: The iPad HD Sucks* ://t.co/ZDM8wyUl by @parislemon
Wow! RT @engadget: Nokia Lumia 800 update reportedly triples battery life ://t.co/h2KrVle4
If only students spent half their time of watching movies and taking photos of themselves, in writing programs...
Realized that I tweet more during class hours than my free hours.
Google play??
remember discussing this? someone already has done this. ://t.co/Ad4E45UH
Good to hear that Congress is performing poorly everywhere. :)
and with that adapter, i am able to connect my USB keyboard to my tab and tweet, just like the last tweet and this one too! :)
how could i be so careless? found an USB adapter for my galaxy tab 750 in the box that it came with, while searching for something else now!
key lime pie sounds worse than precise pangolin! what's with the ridiculous version names everywhere??
u should see their fb profile pics. @unreachableHost
we should. but i think we dunno how to get it. just feel that some1 should point out how we go abt doing it.
whom r we against? it's not that some1 is holding on to our power n not giving it to us.
i didnt buy it. The wifi-only model was released in india today.
Slept almost the whole day n feeling very groggy now.
it's just a wifi model. yeah. sad at that price.
the asus transformer prime android tablet.
Wait. So the transformer prime in India doesn't have 3g support? That's epic fail at that price!
I think I'll sleep again. Too tired to go have lunch.
Luckily, I didn't wait for it and got a Galaxy Tab 750.
Omg! Just woke up to the news that the transformer prime is coming to India for a ridiculous price of 50k! Who will even buy that??
hey, can i join u for ind eco assignment?
So hot here in college!
No balance, no signal for internet connection, no electricity, extremely hot weather! This is horrible!
Love the ASUS padfone video. Great to see how the industry is moving.
Hindi classes at last.
When will I get to drive???
Omg! In the middle of a hilarious adventure right now!
:P RT @localteaparty: Match interestingly poised
Driving test gonna start.
thank you! :)
The day has finally come. Driving test day. :)
Yay. Am a full-fledged XDA member now. Reached 10 posts. :)
Yay. Won a TopCoder T-shirt. :)
khamas is one raagam which i'll never stop loving. reminds me of my childhood, learning music from my mother and grandmother.
power back.
LOL! @localteaparty
What a Year&#8211;XDA Portal Turns Two! ://t.co/31HYz3dE via @xdadevelopers
read your mail now. shocked to know! some of us were not organizing this year. I hope the organizers respond properly.
thought so! :D what about YOU? ;)
it is 'laugh' in tamil. :D
even the blank slides? :P
Omg. Even after being told that Gayle's slides are available online, my friend was able to point out a girl who was taking notes down!
This is unexpected. Gayle Laakman's lecture is boring.
Everyone here at #pragyan enjoying Mike Brown's video conference. @plutokiller
pragyan
Mike Brown has a fitting twitter id. @plutokiller
Wow! Narendra Nayak is ripping into Sai Baba, Amrita lady, Sri Sri Ravishankar and Baba Ramdev in #pragyan!
pragyan
all of us here in Pragyan are enjoying hearing u talk. :)
Getting to know more about the favorite person I eagerly watch on TV! @xercyn
Having a wonderful video conference with (Jeff Lieberman) at #pragyan!
pragyan
Awesome time lapse videos being shown in Pragyan!
Tweetcaster for android tablets is super-awesome!
Stupid team at info desk. Announcing wrong timings for events. #pragyan
pragyan
tweetcaster pro is my favorite!
geeklist is really awesome. must start using it properly from now on.
the way my distractions have moved. reddit-&amp;gt;twitter-&amp;gt;xda-developers.
:D
I got placed before I applied to start a GTUG. :P simply involving myself in tech stuff as much as I can. :-)
yes. in last July. thanks! :-)
finally! after nearly 7 months of waiting for that mail from Microsoft, got it today, at last! :D
heard that cm7 doesnt support ace properly.
awesome speed da.
running a custom ROM on my phone for the first time! and its the super-fast OmegaRomv2 for the Galaxy ACE! thank you @CooperROMs!
Sweet, and are giving away 4 Galaxy Nexuses and 4 Transformer Primes. Wish me luck! ://t.co/jH848zeM
the extent to which people would go to promote their college fests!! some guys are adding their fest's name to their facebook name!
wanted to ask you this for a long time. was the pragyan promo trailer your effort? brilliant da!
to think that i might be able to be calm and enjoy life after my cycle tests. this is much more hectic than i thought!
hectic day! no sleep at all. :(
i hope this doesn't turn out to be a 'taking the horse to the water' story. must wait and watch.
some random hindi actor/director who makes a fool of him on twitter. @unreachableHost
lol! :D
was planning to do it yday night in the bus, but i was so tired preparing for the cycle tests that i dozed off.
finished updating necessary stuff right now for the android dev camp of NITT GTUG chapter.
good morning tweeps! hectic day ahead!
Galaxy Tab 10.1!!
I just unlocked the &quot;Bender&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/pHiftufC
I just unlocked the &quot;Campus Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/lgaxkLkR
I just became the mayor of Mechanical department on @foursquare! ://t.co/yoXHgeAo
I just unlocked the &quot;Crunked&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/FpA0NN4Q
I just unlocked the &quot;Overshare&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/0Xnkbxdl
Trying Vlingo for twitter.
I am a noob when it comes to custom ROMs. What does the latest blogpost on cm9 actually mean? How do I compile cm9 for my galaxy tab 10.1?
I just unlocked the &quot;Super User&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/a0GV72Nh
I just became the mayor of Pearl hostel on @foursquare! ://t.co/YTRJXqLG
I just unlocked the &quot;Local&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/nV1ruwBE
I just unlocked the &quot;School Night&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/D0p4azov
Omg! What an unexpected adventure! Back home at last.
Back home. That was one of the most decent journeys I had, in a long time. #nobedbugs
nobedbugs
And the protagonist of the series surely resembles my uncle.
My favorite character from the series? The janitor!
And this scrubs series gave me a great insight into their lives! Loved it.
I wonder how medicos become who they are. They are awesome!
ac bus.
I just hope I don't get a fever.
There is only one person in this whole wide world who will never hurt u. And that's yourself.
Yay! Jadeja namakke!
This is so comfortable! Studying in college library with my tablet connected to the internet using college wifi.
I just unlocked the &quot;Bookworm&quot; badge on @foursquare! Long live print! ://t.co/H56nJVp0
I just unlocked the &quot;Explorer&quot; badge on @foursquare! ://t.co/X5lkXFJa
I'm at Mega Mess 2 w/ ://t.co/rmZl1JNR
how?
No power. No water. Waiting to get away from this place.
dei. Its not an elective for us da.
://t.co/6LtUzhwM throwing Missing X-TransactionID header error.
Why should a comp sci engineer know about all this industrial economics nonsense??
Dear prof, is it ok if I stop writing notes n start tweeting about it instead?
Bunked the first class today to spend time writing code. :-P
And the best part was when one random student came up n told that I drove nicely.
Yay! Done. Drove from BHEL to mech dept in coll. :-)
lol. Within the college campus. Talking about these mad trichy roads now.
Should hopefully get a chance to drive on the road today. :-)
That's it. Enough working on that app for today.
My previous tweet shows how headlines can be so misleading.
Meet Bill Gates, the Man Who Changed Open Source Software | Wired Enterprise | ://t.co/9yM9sACl ://t.co/a9bUjsnA
what exactly goes in those chinese facilities: ://t.co/vPVY7ePw
apple is so disgustingly evil that they don't mind inhuman conditions of workers in china assembling apple products.
oh my god! #3wordstories
3wordstories
take care da. btw, i personally use those himalaya's septillin in case of throat infection. v effective for me.
what happened da?
from now on, i promise to make a conscious effort to not loathe anyone, fight with anyone or hold grudges against anyone.
Got a new watch n flute! Yay!
that's it. i have decided to concentrate more on my project from now on.
Indha pic badgeukku onnum korachal illai.
i wish ravi shankar sir was here on twitter.
Lol. Comedy pasanga. Spelling mistakes on such a poster.
damn. this means that i can't write android apps until i get back to college. #everythingbroken #needtoupdateeclipse
everythingbroken
needtoupdateeclipse
fletcher must go.
oh. ok ok. thanks. :)
done. :) thanks.
doubt. what is #CLT?
CLT
Back home safely, at last.
Omg! They are finally here!.bedbugs!
Phew! Got out of the traffic jam after nearly an hour!
So much traffic near the toll gate that they are sending off all vehicles w/o collecting any toll, to clear the traffic quickly!
read toi.
That news about the mad bus driver? It will henceforth be referred to as Swargate-gate.
Oooh. RT @TimMoore: Larry Page To Googlers: If You Don't Like 'Search Plus Your World,' Hit The Road (GOOG) ://t.co/Ya0dPzjH
still in the bus. :D
Changed my place once again.
doesn't seemto be.
Omg. He is sitting next to me again and is trying to start a conversation with me now!
Can't switch on gprs to risk draining out my battery completely. Only twitter SMS can keep me awake now.
One thing is sure. I won't be able to sleep with this suspicious character around.
I changed my seat back to the front. Let's see what happens now.
After a while,this guy comes n sits in a diagonally front seat. N starts glancing behind to see what I am upto.
After a while, I said that i am going back n went n sat at the back.
He came and sat down next to me when the almost all rows behind us were empty.
He took some ticket for 120 only which means he'll get down somewhere on the way to Chennai.
Fishy looking character in the bus.
As usual, my phone's battery drains at the start of my journey.
Off to Chennai. Hope to have a safe journey.
These power cuts should be banned.
Tweaking my galaxy ace to look more n more like a wp7 phone. Love it!
This industrial economics class is a waste of our time.
Glad that my teammates accepted my project idea. Hopefully everything should go on smoothly.
Glad that I rooted my phone. Removed some useless apps today.
Awesome lady's fingers in mess today!
Hmmm. I thought I'd want to take a break today. But no. I think I'll go n code now.
need something to drink. parched!
successfully submitted my 3rd and 4th wp7 app today. should wait and see whether they are certified or not.
could not upload as much details as i wanted. shortened it and submitted. too exhausted to complete it fully now.
4 over so far, 150 remaining. Need to speed up.
Here goes, the countdown begins from 154 now.
So, that's decided then. Retiring from college gully cricket as well. No proper ball, no proper rules. Too random for my liking.
After what seems like an eternity, finally got the app ready. Submitted now. Hopefully should get successfully certified.
6 left.
Should ensure I go to sleep properly in the night n not doze off abruptly, like yday.
Hmmm. &quot;Google's earnings disappoint&quot; while &quot;Microsoft's quarterly profits exceeds expectations&quot;? Sign of changing times?
More importantly, I need breakfast.
9 left. I need a break.
7 out of 18.
6 out of 18 done.
Omg! This coffee tastes terrible!! Feel like puking!
Freezing cold outside! According to trichy standards, of course.
Sigh. Finished only 5 out of 18, so far.
Off to driving class now. First day. :-)
Whew. Procedures over. Off to college now.
Waiting in rto office now. Gotta wait till 12 for power to come back, it seems.
at NIT Trichy, my college. Has never been so cold here, before.
Damn. Both, gprs balance n talktime balance out. Must top up today.
hmmm. need more ideas...
should start work on my final sem project soon.
Damn. Tubelight gone in my room.
Can't believe that its so cold here in the campus!
this just took less that &amp;lt;60 seconds. #rootinggalaxyace
rootinggalaxyace
damn! am on a 7 match losing streak. life sucks! #chess
chess
At 35th Chennai book fair now. Wondering how my mom convinced me to come here.
true. but depends on whom u watch along with.
feel like punching myself in the face!
liked ur article in Business Insider on why windows phone will be a success.
a close family friend died in a road accident. he must be only 29-30 years old. got a wife and a daughter.
a few things. voter id card, college id card, atm card and some cash.
i thought yday was terrible. today seems worse.
new day, new beginning.
One hell of a night. Tortured by bedbugs for the past few hours.
yeah. :-(
Disastrous ending to a lousy day. Got pickpocketed in local bus!!
And here it is. Carnatic Quiz app for Windows phone users. ://t.co/Cy6sv0XC
opera seems to be crashing frequently for me. need some other browser that can support slow net connections properly.
that carnatic quiz app has been successfully certified. waiting for it to become active in the windows phone marketplace.
hello twitter. am back.
Library is v nice. Best way to spend an afternoon.
brought my spectacle case to coll only to find that my spectacles aren't inside. left it at home. :(
my fate is sealed. going for two tech electives.
Damn. All the good electives are getting canceled. None of my friend seem to be taking the same choice of electives as myself, too.
ok. :)
sure. do I ask them to contact through twitter?
this summer. am placed in microsoft on-campus, actually. would be interested in an internship.
sorry. saw ur tweet only now. college re-opening tomorrow. so, leaving tonight. can i know more?
most importantly, i want to become more consistent in coding.
enough resolutions about my food intake and health. have taken a few about coding now as well.
some ppl don't deserve even a little help. because they'll stab u in the back, anyway.
Expected. Got terribly low grades in the two most randomly corrected subjects. Stupid correction.
irritated.
i don't understand. shouldn't a company that helps other companies in their hiring process follow the same hiring process??
v nice dp da! :)
too many tutorials available for developing windows phone 7 apps. finding it difficult to choose the best among them.
kutcheri buzz published a small text on my Android app in yday's issue! ://t.co/uVTqrgTo  via ://t.co/DE4Akmwl
today WILL be an eventful day for me. so, i don't think its a new year yet. i want to enjoy this day too.
i dont understand. many ppl dont seem to think that december has 31 days. #newyearwishes
newyearwishes
good morning tweeps.
not yet da. waiting for gokul.
why isn't any1 posting the actual results on facebook??
frustrating! more than 8 hours spent on this stupid thing! i give up!
something similar da. but its pretty stupid.
wth! downloaded 78.6 MB out of 100 odd and it just froze!! next download available only after half an hour.
sometimes ur best intentions are misunderstood.
damn it. cook didn't turn up today. no proper tiffin. can't go out and buy too, due to this hell of a downpour!
stupid windows! doesn't even allow me to change file permissions properly.
sutham. rooting is going to take at least 3 days with this net speed.
i think tonight will be the night when i root my phone. i think it'll take more than tonight to download the necessary files though.
+8. was worth the wait after all. :P
that means my rank is somewhere around 380. oh well.
damn! it seems i flopped my 500pt solution!
that just means i would have to stay awake for a longer time now.
&quot;System test results will be delayed. We'll try to announce them as soon as possible. We apologize for technical problems.&quot; #topcoder
topcoder
lol. this &quot;Value Pack&quot; for Gal S and Tab, 'sounds' silly, although it might be really good.
one thing is for sure. if my rating goes above 1000 today, i'll do a night out. :D
hmmm. tourist seems to be the #1 today, as of now. of course, could Petr be far behind? he's on #2 now.
will do it TRS style. announce my rank on twitter if it is decent. otherwise go to sleep silently. :P
hope i got those 2 problems right.
time for system tests! bring it on! :P
waiting for the challenge phase to start.
hmmm. just one guy submitted a solution for the 1000pt problem in my room.
8 minutes left. oh well. i give up. will learn from the editorial after the contest.
frustrating...
i can never solve these 1000pt problems until i practise more.
hmmm. the next few months will decide whether i want to keep my fb account or not.
almost forgot. topcoder match at 9.30 tonight.
Tab updated to 3.2. Naice. :-)
50% now.
49% of installation done. :-)
Downloaded 3.2 honeycomb update. Updating device now. :-)
3.2 honeycomb update available for my tab! :)
cool. got a pinterest account now. going to try it now.
Hmmm. Time to sit n learn c#.
oh nice. when is ur date of joining?
same for airtel.
Opened cricinfo, clicked live scorecard, first thing I see is: Tendulkar OUT! Lol.
so, where is ur posting? Chennai? Any extra news? Which team?
cool. connectify works perfectly. @connectifyme
tendulkar &amp; dravid: 49th partnership of 50 or more in Tests.
hussey seems to be troubling the batsmen.
hmmm. no century in this test match so far.
poda hilfenaus. not out.
lol. now i see posts ranting abt the kindle fire. lol again.
the most common reply why ppl don't adapt to a new platform: &quot;others aren't on it&quot;. #linux #g+ #wp7
linux
g
wp7
dropped thrice?
&quot;just because others do it&quot; would be the lamest reason of all time.
no. i never backed up all phone contacts to gmail da.
yeah! still haven't finished deleting contacts starting with 'A'!!
realized that i had synced my google+ contacts along with their profile images to my android phone. that explains y phone memory got full.
yay! shifted old photos from mob to comp and freed 700mb on sd card.
paruppu saadham at pathu mani pm.
dei! its super awesome da!
wow! congrats da!! kalakku!!
damn! sadly yes.
expecting a dravid, sachin and a ponting century. come on!
nice one!
does anyone else think that the galaxy y ad looks stupid? #overacting
overacting
Created my own Android app and launched it on the market. ://t.co/FZQht9QE
true. its too early.
that must be the second time today that ponting lost his balance after playing a shot.
don't u think he is struggling against those balls outside the off-stump? he might edge them any time.
if is awake at odd hours in the morning, go check ur tv. there must be an awesome cricket test series going on!
ponting plays football to keep the ball away from the stumps.
all australian batsmen struggling against bouncers.
umesh strikes again! marsh goes for a duck!
Warner gone!
Yay. Covers are off once again.
I just watched one ball! Damn! Rains.
thanks! :)
for those who missed this tweet earlier: to all carnatic music fans who own an android, i present you this. ://t.co/RaIEv4qq
I still love how dickens portrayed scrooge.
Today is christmas? Bah! Humbug.
about right time too. power cut now.
should keep improvising it.
there it is! finally on the app market. available for download. s://t.co/ldgwSGrQ
typed 100+ questions and answers for the app! fingers paining. must take a break.
i just left my seat once to drink water. must've been 5-6 hours of continuous work from today morning.
it is undeniably a mokka app as of now. but at least, the first version is ready.
have never worked this hard in my life! the first version of my app is ready. learning how to sign and upload in the market.
what a terrible start to the day!
lol. will surely get to know tomorrow then. :) good night.
ok. :) btw, i follow ur tweets regularly but do not know ur real name. can i know now? :D
great! am attending ganesh-kumaresh concert at 5.30 am tomo in panchamuga anjaneyar temple in mylapore. will be in academy at 8. :)
i would like to meet u tweeps interested in carnatic music. am one too. saw ur timeline n realized that there seem to be many of u.
u were there? i thought amrit's lec-dem was good too.
why the hell am i so inconsistent in coding?!!
ganesh-kumaresh concert in that anjaneyar temple tomo morning at 5.30! yay! i remember how wonderful it was last time!
awake at last!
so, here i am, beginning work on my final year project.
as said brilliantly by my friend, when u don't know what to do next, do the job that u will have to do for sure, anyway.
update for my rapidminer tool? u must be kidding! i downloaded it this morning!
Both lec dems were awesome today! Totally worth skipping today's srm.
Never did I know that Umayalpuram Sivaraman could be so witty while speaking!
&quot;Every rhythm has a counter rhythm.&quot; - Trichy shankaran. #ethirnadai
ethirnadai
Not because I follow the thanjavur style of playing, but I personally don't like how the palani style sounds. #mirudangam
mirudangam
had to choose between today's tc match or the lec-dem on &quot;Sri. Harishankar style of khanjira playing&quot; by Sri. Amrit. chose the latter.
i don't like it at all when more than one interesting event happens at the same time.
hmmm. realized that i might not be able to attend today's tc srm. sigh.
good morning tweeps.
del. Google for the apk file. Problem solved. :P
checking out the google currents app now.
first time i see so many of my friends talk abt something related to google+, after the first week. #schemer
schemer
check HK's fb post.
ask da.
woah! when did this release? never knew about this.
my grandma's feedback after listening to kola veri: &quot;dhanush has sung well. he has maintained shruthi properly.&quot;
i wonder why ppl like foursquare. hmmm.
back to using macbuntu.
sigh. still haven't found an driver update that fixes my touchpad on windows. i don't want to resort using a mouse.
Removed my mobile cover n been like that for the past one week. This feels much better.
sony pix must be having some deal with the producers of the Resident Evil series. daily some movie from that series.
but that is more related to ppl involved in a medical profession. i think i'll go ahead with my idea.
a brilliant idea struck me. when i googled abt it, sadly someone had beat me to it. it is this. ://t.co/3w46Sybc
this is the article that i am reading now. really well written! ://t.co/PY8Z44Xj
TIL abt docblocks. nice. :)
going to spend time today on stackoverflow.
Preparing for carnatic music quizzes now. Any suggestions?
omg! never knew that there was a windows phone camp in chennai today. could've learnt something.
RIM stopped innovating over the past few years.
brand value can't stand forever. apple regularly released new innovations over the last decade. RIM didn't.
of course, there is this ubislate thingy but it doesn't even satisfy some basic requirements.
i repeat. kindle fire isn't THE android tablet. its the poor man's tablet.
Playing the khanjira would surely improve my mirudangam playing.
Started playing the khanjira again. So much fun!
Wth! Four 29c passed but not a single 27d!
Second time I'm seeing her!
Jayalalitha in a convoy!
Maayamma ninne now.
As brilliant as ever! Trichur brothers in music academy singing awesomely!
there should be an #IdiotKiranBedi trending tag.
IdiotKiranBedi
whew. xda-developers is back.
Had an awesome day today!
wth airtel! losing money at regular intervals when i am not even using my phone! no call, sms or gprs.
wow! finishing off long pending problems on spoj at a decent rate. happening only after i began to realize that coding is fun.
accepted now. :) potuko!
lol. yeah.
remember that CSTREET problem? there is a price per unit length input parameter called p da. lol.
slept for only 4 hours, walked around for 2 hours n ppl at home are getting angry that i'm not coming along with them to a lec dem now!
Outside kapaleeshwarar temple now. Waiting for our bhajan troupe to start.
+32 :-)
that should have been a flopcoder match as i slept off in the middle of the srm. cant stay awake for even a sec more. good night tweeps.
topcoder first. twitter later.
dad askin for android phone suggestions. does tat mean tat its time to get a new one for myself n hand over the one i have right now,to dad?
bro stopped changing channels n paused on  'oda oda oda thooram puriyala' song. patti asking whether this is the kolaveri song.
lol. every1 in my family getting more and more 'youth' and 'dude-like' these days.
parents and grandparents praising will smith's acting.
omg. almost forgot. topcoder srm tonight.
some ppl are so talented that they are awesome at everything that they play around with. #amazed
amazed
just realized that an android device is more useful for creative people than nerds like me.
nice app discovered by my friend. rangoli kolam on android. s://t.co/Tpb8LTUy..
now is the time i get over my laziness and do something important!
off to music academy canteen with harimanjunathan.
student. or student at nit-t.
one of my classmate's linked-in intro reads - head of some pragyan event. is that how one introduces themselves to others? find it strange.
reminded of the da vinci code where the thatha says that everyone is entitled to hold their secrets.
RMS is the Karl Marx of the software industry.
the free software philosophy would have died if it not were for torvald's outstanding work.
but it should entirely be the choice of the programmer or the organization.
of course, software can continue to be commercially available too.
just as every1 is encouraged to do social service, every programmer must be encouraged to contribute to open source.
reading a biography on stallman. feel that the open source ideology is more like socialism.
Damn! Forgot to update my gprs pack.
Listening to Bombay sisters at music academy main hall now.
Insane crowd for t.n.krishnan's lec-dem at music academy mini hall! No place to even stand!
another useless day.
hmmm. this twitter 'discover' feature is exactly what i had in mind for my project. gotta think of a new one now.
how much ever hard i try, some things can never be done.
invading other countries, SOPA, tasering, pepper spraying. what next america?
at the end of the day, i'd rather live in a stupid country that i know than live in a stupid country that i don't know.
idiot american congressmen. they seem to be worse than our politicians.
i could also stop tweeting and start working.
i could write some wp7 apps. might help understanding a few unknown stuff. #c#
c
i could build write a few android apps. or spend time on improving the wordpress android app too.
i could start my btech final project. got to read more papers abt data mining tweets, as my proj is related to it! ;)
i could start my preparation for code jam. spoj, codechef and topcoder beckon.
now that there is no answer to &quot;what should i do?&quot;, its time to answer &quot;what can i do?&quot;.
i want to attend a few lecture demonstrations in the morning today.
wouldn't mind if BB is replaced by wp in the 3rd spot.
glad that the trip went without any problems. whew!
back home at last! :)
Cool. Update for my galaxy tab 10.1.
full freedom. v encouraging.
wow! my prof is super cool! :)
Stupid powercut. Need to stay in the dark for the next 45 min or leave. I'll stay.
damn. just wait for a few months n u get a smartphone with similar features but for half the price. #galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
galaxyACEvsgalaxyY
Stupid powercut!
At kulithalai station now. Which means trichy junction is next. :-)
Whew! Reached station safely, one hour before my train departs.
Yay! Signal, at last!
signal at least now!
Reached munnar safely.
thanks to twitter, I am able to update my close ones with what I am doing.
hope to have a safe trip.
luckily, abhishek bachchan doesn't see my tweets.
r we going to kochi or directly to munnar? no idea.
the bus starts at last.
typical. arbit stranger sitting next to me in bus.
yeppa, please start our bus. Unbearably hot in here.
That same feeling after I wrote jee n after I got placed. &quot;What do I do from now on?&quot;
and finally, the big day is here. acm icpc amritapuri regionals 2011 contest in a few hours. #amicpc
amicpc
off to the beach, at last, after so much waiting. #amicpc
amicpc
all tweets tagged with #amicpc being displayed here. hmmm.
amicpc
Registering for munnar trip now. #amicpc
amicpc
Practice contest n lunch done. :) #amicpc
amicpc
not with battery life. but with battery sensors, yes.
At kayankulam at last.
nice weather here. :-)
heard that the battery indicator in unrooted android phones doesn't work properly. should root mine soon.
hmmm. all sabarimala devotees getting down here.
at chengannur station now. kayankulam would be next.
yay. able to charge my phone, at last.
dammit. roaming charges for incoming calls. should remember that.
oops. forgot that battery was low. should stop tweeting. good thing that it has survived the night anyway.
nothing scheduled for today. but I think today will still be good. looking forward to an exciting day. :)
hmmm. train delayed by 1.5 hours. should have reached kayankulam by now. now only at kottayam.
Good morning tweeps! :)
no 20 print outs for the contest, this time?
ennadhu? gandhi sethuttaara? :P
opened up cricinfo to find out that jadeja has bowled a maiden now! in this pitch!! #whattaman
whattaman
i know. ubuntu is my primary distro anyway. had built chromium os on my pendrive 11 months ago, just for fun.
i was trying to remove a problem. the problem itself is solved!!
and it reboots chroimium os again! twitter, facebook and g+ were all crashing earlier. n they work fine now! lol!
enna pa comedy ithu! i format the pendrive through windows n reboot my comp.
reason? can't even update the software in it.
correction. &quot;chromium&quot; os.
planning to remove this 'old' chrome OS from my pendrive.
i am missing #in50hrs again, this weekend! sigh. why do big events combine all the time?
in50hrs
yay! solved one silly problem that had been bugging me for so many days. simple DP but i had been thinking that it was much tougher.
i like this. waking up early and compensating for it in the afternoon with a nap. :) feel so fresh now.
wth! i can't even solve a minimizing knapsack problem. getting errors. hmmm.
i swear i wont play this crazily addicting game for the next 1 week! it is beginning to ruin my life.
since i am in a bad mood, i'll play for a while and then sit and study properly.
what do i do now? surrender to my addiction of playing &quot;dungeon defenders: second wave&quot; or sit and code properly?
i will never be able to look at a computer the same way again. coz everything looks so damn fuzzy! #eyepower
eyepower
my previous tweet kinda summarizes how my life is. sigh...
thanks! :)
good morning appa! topcoder match at 7.30 am. that's why. :)
woke up early at home, at last!
my headache might be due to that #IdiotKapilSibal.
IdiotKapilSibal
cooking noodles now. :)
omg!! i have 83 machine learning videos to watch! this is going to take a long long time.
i know some tv serials like dexter are supposed to be good. but no, thanks. i'd rather not waste my time on them.
how much have i lost in life due to my laziness?? more importantly, how much more will i lose? hmmm. need to change. drastically.
omg! i cant even watch a single video attentively for ten minutes! yawning continuously! :P
these videos are split into nice, small segments. just love it! now on to &quot;Cost Function - Intuition 1&quot;.
i wonder how ppl write fast. i need to relearn the act of writing.
hmmm. cost function...
been a really long time since i viewed those stanford machine learning class videos. continuing it now.
worked hard for more than an hour! long time since that happened!
just had an epiphany. what do i really want to do?
wow! where?
all i do is play games or try to write some code. hopefully everything will change in 2 weeks.
i need to learn to interact with people better. so many years of living through my comp has diminished my ppl skills.
i have become a zombie... &quot;BRAINS!! BRAINS!!&quot;
let me get back to work now.
worst part of waking up after a long sleep is feeling sleepy again.
Operation Die Barbosa successfully going on. #antipiracy
antipiracy
yes.
I know its going to be difficult w/o those free pirated songs. But I'll somehow manage.
That's it. I have decided. Not going to support piracy anymore. Going to delete all the songs that I have.
guys check out TouchPal. @kgdinesh
where r those sad songs when u want to listen to them?
the worst thing feeling is when ur life sucks n u get to know that its you, who is responsible for it.
hmmm. these school kids are from SBOA.
dear friends, first stop cheating in exams. u can then complain about corruption in the country. #dirtonyourback
dirtonyourback
nice. a lot of school children on a visit to the library. their teachers accompanying them. :-)
lol at kamal hassan's hypocrisy. :-D
wow! congrats to everyone at ur home! congrats, chithappa! :-)
TIL that AVL in AVL trees stand for Adelson-Velskii and Landis.
Yuvan Shankar Raja brays like a donkey. abaswaram max!
i am qualified to be a Radio Jockey. all i have to do is be my usual self n blabber continuously.
these lights in the library that switch on automatically when someone approaches them are #win.
win
at the same time, there are few ppl who can explain stuff superbly! and is one of them.
he wasnt even bothered to confirm whether I understood that concept or not.
just read up on a topic that one of my nerdy friends had tried explaining earlier. realized how bad he was at explaining.
Nice songs playing in the radio. :-)
awesome! at last, found some really awesome books on algos in this library! yay!
not able to view the comp properly. need to wear my glasses. finding it extremely difficult.
at Anna centenary library with parents, tweeting from my tab. :P
sigh. ended up watching dbz videos on youtube with bro.
will read that pdf on pattern matching using distributed systems. #readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
readingduringholidaysdoesntseemtobethatbad
wth doesn't my twitter follower count ever reach 300? new ppl keep following me, but bots keep dropping out all the time. &amp;gt;290 for a month.
there. have planned whatever i want to do! NOW, HAVE TO EXECUTE MY PLANS!!! AAAAAAAA......... #panicmode
panicmode
got to plan! got to plan! GOT TO PLAN!!!
even during holidays, i panic!
i haven't still understood what to do for this webinar thingy.
spoj servers seem to be responding too slow today.
good morning folks. long time since i woke up this late.
this dungeon defenders second wave game on my android tab has been downloading stuff from the net for nearly a day! before it can start.
most probably going tomorrow with bro da.
never knew this! hover over the audio icon in the gnome taskbar and scroll using ur touchpad. the volume will change accordingly. naaice...
lol. #whattaman jagi.
whattaman
lol. no da. wondering how to solve a particular problem that i am facing. i solved it earlier. don't remember now.
done. ://t.co/bkNMFQJp
hmmm.
off to inox to watch tintin with bro.
rumors r tat they r selling it at a loss. they aim to make profit when ppl buy amazon stuff through it. u didn't knw that?
what no content? lol. what r u saying da?
not exactly. now ppl think amazon is the only contender to apple. samsung and asus beat the shit out of both.
lol. oh yeah. they NEED an iPad. alright.
please call!!
ppl buy an iPad bcoz they don't go to the market searching for a tablet. they want only an iPad n nothing else.
its just $199. why else do u think ppl were buying?
reviews say that there is no obvious difference in the speeds.
because its cheap da. u r talking as if other android tabs don't even have an android market.
dei, those amazon apps are android apps da! amazon didn't create those apps.
dei kindle fire runs on android da.
there is nothing professional about tabs. they are mainly for consuming multimedia. play games, watch movies.
that's exactly my point. u don't suggest ppl go buy something w/o giving an overall comparison. u r misleading them.
no. the reviewers don't give a damn about android tabs. ppl aren't aware of what's better. most sensible ppl go for android
kindle fire is no way a match for ipad2 da. and some android tabs are better than ipad2 too. i don't get u. wt u saying?
and u don't suggest someone to buy something w/o comparing to the rest of the available products.
not exactly. reviews were out long back. this is not the usual this-vs-that comparison. its buy this vs buy that.
irctc - &quot;Service Unavailable&quot;
as usual, irctc throwing up problems.
i think i'll root my phone before these hols end.
most of these blog articles about the ipad2 and kindle fire seem like paid articles to me. and they end up misleading everyone.
comparing the kindle fire with ipad 2 sounds ridiculous to me. maybe not to everyone though. there are better android tabs that beat both!!
good morning everyone! :)
lol. wait da worst fellows. i just love this waiting game! :) super build-up!
what should i do today?
its really dumb that ppl rate ipad 2 &amp;gt; kindle fire &amp;gt;&amp;gt; anything else. and that's what i call stupidity is.
never underestimate the stupidity of people.
Harvinder Singh is actually Ricky Ponting in disguise. push then, slap now.
seriously, ndtv. is a 30rd yr old guy referred to as a youth?
want to badly see a pic in which officer pike and sharad pawar are together. #macecop #pawarslap
macecop
pawarslap
chocobar! :D
time for a little codechef now.
done. replied to the 3rd person too. now to contact one important person.
second person contacted too. now for the third.
done. first person contacted. now for the second.
there. second done too. while i am doing the third, i have 3 ppl to reply to.
there. the first job is over. :) now for the second.
why twitter actually helps me: i imagine tweets to be slots and i manage my work in between them. how's that? #slottedaloha @unreachableHost
slottedaloha
hmmm. i am clocking my all time high in typeracer but the whole thing leaves me v unsatisfied. off to those 3 things now.
hmmm. 3 things to finish in the next half an hour. but before that, typeracer!
realized that twitter actually helps me manage things.
after so many days, nay, months, i have never felt so inspired to get back to coding!
for 7 days out of the past 9 days, I've been waking up at 4. tomo also same. #exhausted
exhausted
its really good da. the tablet experience. i wouldn't be able to compare tablets, but this is realy good!
wow! this tablet experience is outrageously good!!
got into bus at last!
wow! 21g! ...going in the other direction.
waiting for 21g now...
nasty auto driver. kalaaichutarama! po po.
I expected jayalalitha to have replaced these bed bugs in tnstc buses as they were present during the dmk regime too.
&quot;tambaram tambaram!&quot; ok ok mr.conductor, I am awake now. been awake almost the whole night.
I wonder why I should pay so much for a seat when they can't even keep it free of bed bugs.
why is my phone battery draining like crazy???
some things happen. some things don't. life is one strange game.
the bigger ur plans are, the harder they collapse.
those idiots at facebook seem to have deleted my account!
will be off twitter for the next one week. so then. ta ta. bye for now. #exams
exams
Good morning twitter! :)
haven't studied this sincerely in years! feels nostalgic.
will stop studying for the day, spend time on twitter for a while, and then go to sleep.
noooooooooooooooooo!!!
#machanIf there is 'parsi'ng, then why isn't there any hinduing, musliming or christianing? #runsaway
machanIf
runsaway
but with the state of my stomach in recovery mode, i dare not try anything ambitious!
hungry! right time to go munch on something perhaps?
there it is. one of the &quot;jayalalitha extra-special&quot; powercuts to her loyal citizens. :/
how will you verify that it is allowed in the court? don't want you to get into trouble.
love your tweets. please keep us updated.
oooh. its analysis and synthesis phase. and not synthesis and optimization phase as i thought earlier.
and there'll be a powercut in 10 min. darn.
operation: dist-comp. duration: next 2.5 days. resource: brain. target: these ebooks. will i succeed? let's go! BHARATH MATHA KI JAI!
thanks! :)
the best part is, i wouldn't have bought a tab if i knew earlier that i wud get selected. now i'm selected and i have bought the tab too! :D
my belief in God just shot up to a new maximum! :D
woohoo! selected for the next icpc round. :)
it is during powercuts like these that i wish that i had my galaxy tab 750 with me. can study from it anywhere.
cha. i have begun to complain a lot. who's to blame? not me. :P
anirudh24seven
first, flipkart sent me a faulty tab. then icpc amritapuri ppl haven't called r team. &amp; nw i realize that LFY hasn't shipped my t-shirt yet.
receiving poor service from different organizations for no particular reason. :(
three cheers for @flipkart! they delivered the replacement galaxy tab 750 today! but i'd have to wait for 2 weeks to use it though...
although the tab is in good condition, one of the samsung seals were broken again. but the other seal kept the casing closed.
i got news that the replacement Galaxy Tab 750 arrived today and its in good condition. thank you. :)
my tip was published in the Tips and Tricks section last month but I was never contacted for the T-shirt. Can u look into it?
as always, i would suggest vim. but u might have to install a few plugins too, to make it more convenient.
need a break!
wow! twitter introduces something new after a long time. Activity! :)
omg! big news! teams from r coll ranked behind us r getting calls from acm amritapuri ppl. y haven't we got any, yet? wil v even get a call?
there. cleaned my room. washed my face. prayed for a while. lit an agarbathi. gonna start studying now. :)
should stop trying to go to sleep and start studying
wth! i shouldn't feel sleepy now!! what's wrong with me??
twitter and reddit don't prevent me from studying. they prevent me from dozing off.
even though I didn't get my tab, had a jolly, happy weekend at home. :) was worth it.
are funny tweets on juniors allowed? :D :P ;)
how have u prepared for compiler lab exam da?
i faced the same problem too. but strangely, when u go to d market and lookup google+, it shows an update option. updating nw.
damn. everything going totally the wrong way.
which also means that i've nothing else to do but just shut up and study
so, although they were v nice and immediately ordered a replacement, it still means that my plan to get it by this weekend failed.
just went and saw in my flipkart account that they had placed an order for the replacement. dunno when i'll get it though. mostly tue/wed.
had a perfectly bad day.
1 of ur executives said tat a replacement would be shipped tonight &amp; i'll get a mail regarding it. haven't got it yet. status plz?
they understood that i had a genuine problem and agreed to ship it by tonight itself, even though it is a difficult procedure! wow!
omg! service is truly awesome! they have agreed to ship it by tonight itself! brilliant!!
i can take pics of the screen of the tab that i received and send it across if you want. if that will help in any way...
why? why does this happen to me???
next 2 days hols as well. so, i surely can't get my tab before leaving home. and i'll be back only on the 23rd. which is upsetting... :(
kinda heartening to realize that their customer service is good. but some mistake somewhere and i'm the one affected by it. :(
they were kinda surprised that the seal within the flipkart packaging was broken. i am surprised too! some1 has packaged a bad box.
got another call from flipkart. they have agreed to look into the issue. but not possible to get a replacement by today. :(
i dont wanna take this with me now da. its not a new order. its a replacement na. need to give this back to get a new one.
bad bad day...
that means that i wouldn't be able to use it until my sem exams get over and my hols begin! need not have come back home this weekend. :(
have contacted customer service who duly apologized and agreed to replace it. but wouldn't get a replacement until tuesday. :(
and the tablet's screen has a few marks on it too! never expected such a poor service from @flipkart!
ouch!! after hours of waiting, i get a galaxy tab 750 box with broken seals from @flipkart! shocked!!
not yet. the chennai flipkart facility has received mine a few minutes back, though. courtesy: track ur shipment feature.
32k in flipkart.
i think interviewstreet. @kgdinesh
galaxy tab 750 (10.1)
back home :)
signs of tiredness creeping in
meanwhile, iris is still up n running. :P #siridown
siridown
mokka pasanga. they complain abt the coll n claim that they want to leave it asap n now they talk abt senti feelings! #hypocrites
hypocrites
lol. hearing news that siri is down! :P
hope flipkart doesn't be over sincere n deliver my tab tomo itself. I don't want my bro to open it before I reach home.
ppl dont understand the meaning of a choice. u can choose to stay or leave. just dont stop others from leaving.
i don't understand when ppl complain to me when i criticize some1's views. they can have their views. so will i, about them.
soooo confused now! mind not working...
some indecent ppl opposing the new director's move citing pragyan, nittfest, symposium and senti feelings!!
new director therikka vidaraar! piri man! so many changes coming about in college!!
distributed computing, it is.
wow! a guy from just called me now to confirm my order. nice. :-)
guess, i'll go have my first proper meal of the day now.
ordered a galaxy tab 750 at last, now. :)
sigh...
hope I don't doze off now n miss my exam.
feeling feverish too. kinda scared. this shouldn't be happening.
argh! why doesnt everything happen the way it is supposed to?
didnt have breakfast or lunch today. why then is my stomach paining?
now for the 'creative' part. meh.
google doesn't seem to give a damn for users with slow internet connection.
ordering it on flipkart tomorrow. will most prolly get it by this weekend then.
got that creative writing assignment to complete now.
the first thing i'll do after getting my galaxy tab 750 would be to test the wordpress app n start working on it!
same here
i m writing an assignment with the help of the light from my lappy because of powercut. somebody give me a medal please.
woke up from an extremely long nap. which means that i've got to start on assignments now.
there. much better now after wearing my glasses.
having more problems with eyesight. guess i need to start wearing my specs more regularly now.
seri. washed those clothes now. what do i do next?
am so absent minded. forgot to dry those clothes that i had soaked yesterday morning! they stink now! :(
hope u know about the oil slick problem with so many galaxy tab 10.1 models globally. what abt the ones available at flipkart?
twitter on opera turbo mode keeps getting reloaded again and again, making it nearly unusable! i wonder why.
now that galaxy tab 10.1 is in line for ICS update, i'm surely gonna get one within a week!
hi. wouldn't it be a long time before Asus Transformer 2 (Prime) launches in india? what will the tentative pricing be?
what u doing da? i m v bored.
as rightly said, i feel a myriad of emotions every instant.
it is mildly surprising to note that we came extremely close to solving one more problem in both contests.
no no. just realized that i had stopped coding for myself &amp; was just trying to win contests. gonna change tat attitude. :)
dei dei. i am talking about coding/programming da!
?
lol. that's the source. but that isn't the reason. :)
ah. inner peace at last! :)
the next few hours will determine my actions for the next few months.
sigh...
my spider senior surath (ex-presi) got placed in google today! :)
i didn't miss anything important today, right?
Immortals of Meluha was a worthy read.
got a lot of work to finish by monday. i better start today.
the nitt gtug website is up! ://t.co/ZSHtIRKA
yes da. am coming only tomorrow.
argh! just found out the mistake made in problem E of amrita icpc online round! stupid mistake in logic! @ashwinjagadeesh
well said. #ubunturage ://t.co/gpEYRX1E
ubunturage
extremely irritated. but I'm not leaving home tonight. get lost college!
damn. my class rep tells me now that there is a submission tomorrow! I hate my college!
oh. that's the only reason is it? then I surely want to bunk tomorrow.
nope. I didn't. y u leaving today then? I was thinking of bunking tomo but haven't decided.
what about compilers program? submission tomo right?
vim golf! :) ://t.co/V67merA9
when u going to college?
is it my slow internet connection or are there any problems with the #NokiaWorld live streaming website?
NokiaWorld
wth! the #nokiaWorld live webcast page says that webcast limit has been reached! i cant view anything. this is stupid.
nokiaWorld
that was one extremely long nap that I had! slept for so many hours!
and of course, happy deepavali!! :)
so tired! wont be able to stay awake even for 1 more minute! good night everyone! #exhausted
exhausted
have requested for a better url for the nitt gtug website. meanwhile, the unofficial url is: ://t.co/UPWwDerO
photos on gtug website have been uploaded. :)
i shouldn't be tired now but i am. every1 at home already gone to sleep.
working on the gtug website now. uploading the gtug kickoff photos to the site as well.
i give up. i am not going to download ubuntu 11.10 now with this slow net connection at home.
this tiwary fellow has no control over his bowling. tossing up diwali sweets for the english batsmen.
personally, i don't like unity or gnome-shell but i heard that 11.10 provides a better experience on netbooks than 11.04.
downloading ubuntu 11.10 now. planning to put it on my pendrive and test it out on my mom's netbook and show her how awesome ubuntu is. ;)
india needs a wicket. quick.
exactly!
its been a really long time since i bought some book. especially a comp sci book.
got myself a jeans pant for tomo and a few books on comp sci as well. :)
back home after shopping. :)
did that loooong ago.
oops. spent all my time on google+ now. got to start.
going to attempt a few problems related to segment trees now.
woke up at last!
I prefer g+ over fb becoz I can hv healthy discussions on technology on g+ while friends n relatives on fb think tat i'm spammin their walls
what plans for the day? :)
back home :)
happy birthday da! :-)
was made to shift to the adjacent seat with problems in my sleepy state. woke up now n politely asked him for my original seat. he agreed.
checking twitter through sms.
machi, noone in our wing n ur clothes and umbrella seemed unsafe outside. have put them in my room.
who's going to watch the new srk movie? No.One. @Laugh_Riot
don't worry. ur team itself is a joke. :P #justkidding #runsaway
justkidding
runsaway
doesn't it even cost the usual rate?
been an extremely long time since i had a decent internet connection...
thanks. i think i'll wait.
i think i should go and sleep once again now. feel as if i bumped my head against a brick wall.
2 hours of powercut over. when will the next one be?
what a dumb government! we are having 3 times more power cuts than what we used to have!
when in india?
i have been eyeing the galaxy tab 750 (10.1&quot;) for a long time now. shall i go ahead and buy it?or should i wait for an ics tablet?
power cut?? now?? why???? :(
yay! power back!
damn!! powercut! won't come back surely for an hour now. :-(
dei, i meant study for tomo's exam da. mobile computing.
time to get up and study
power went at 6 am. :-/ hope it comes back at 8.
it says that my prev tweet was through ubuntu. oh well.
what is this twitter client? gwibber? just found it in my panel bar.
disable. u can hide them. that's just abt it.
both the have the same low baritone kind of a start. :) @techrsr
1440 twitter users make an eench. :P @kgdinesh
shhh apple fan boys. its our turn now. #android
android
Tango supports video chat in android phones with just a camera at the back!
congrats!! :D
iris is awesome! for those who haven't used it, it is the equivalent of siri on iphone, for android. and it was built in just 8 hours!!
love the tune. :) #kolaveri
kolaveri
I find so many ppl around me use :wq for save and exit, instead of :x. How do I effectively convince them to use :x?
does a concept of exploiting sms's to compromise mobile phones, exist? @_iakkom
kili-tas.
Hard earned parottas
when they ask me why I got low marks, I'll point a finger and say, &quot;these buhari fellows pa. go on. arrest them.&quot;
these buhari fellows are worst, I say.
is back to my usual abnormal self. :P
dunno what to feel. :|
i want to do something about it!
am so pissed off that we might not make it!
is selection for on-site going to be the 1st team from each college and then rank-wise allocation if slots are available?
sigh.
&quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot; is an anagram of &quot;only can come up with awesome anagrams&quot;.
.skype, viber, fring, nimbuzz, tango and so many other options. what do we go with?
.i would at least need such an app to contact u ppl w/o knocking on your doors everytime.
we need not pay these carriers if we wanna call each other.
.://t.co/xdmlNbuE
.://t.co/xdmlNbuE
dear friends w/ android, y don't we all start usin some phone-call-thru-internet app like skype, viber, etc? wud be gr8 if all of us hv it.
Opera, both desktop and mobile is built for the masses.
that was one insanely long nap that i had.
love the vishnu sahasranamam recitation by T.S.Ranganathan. awesome voice. spiritual feeling.
?
wud like to knw wthr thr hav been incidents where &amp;gt;1million ppl using GSM roaming mobiles meetin up in a location hv crashed a VLR. @_iakkom
dear iPhone 4S user, if u bought it just to be in an 'elite' crowd, u sure are arrogant.
Damn these powercuts!
gave a 2 hour talk on android at nitt-gtug kickoff event now. abt 100 ppl turned up.
nitt gtug successfully started off today!
NITT GTUG Kickoff event today. gonna give a talk on Android.
someone will fork it da. if noone does, i will.
what???????? nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
no option for gnome 2 classic?
coughing like crazy!
awesome article!
#dell
dell
websites need to provide something between actual websites and a mobile site for users like me on a slow internet connection.
in fact, i/o operations aren't natively supported by c.
many updates to Ritchie's death with a printf statement. on a different note, printf isn't natively supported by c, right? we need stdio.h.
All I can think of now, is food. Off to grab something to eat.
using free wifi from clc now.
what a stupid boring class!
couldn't go less than 303 bytes. hmmm...
i give up! i can't write the soln in &amp;lt;256 bytes.
these problems are so hard that even the editorials for them make little sense!
thanksu pa!
My tip got published in this month's lfy magazine. I remember sending it in months ago!
ah. last bench after a long time.
no water anywhere? that's insane!
voted now. :)
not feeling productive? start studying for exams. your productivity in other activities would dramatically increase.
Dart! #google
google
woke up at last!
tried the android yoga app?
What everyone is too polite to say about steve jobs. ://t.co/FF3ljxGR
it used to be. long ago, march used to be the first month of the year. jan and feb were added later. sept=7 oct=8 nov=9 dec=10
oops. thursday perhaps?
will intro to android be enough? planning to make it short and simple as all of us have CT's next week.
they expect us to conduct a kickoff session before wednesday. i think we'd be able to do it.
will tuesday be fine? We need to get permission for venue n put up posters too tomo. suggestions?
suggestions for gtug kickoff event?
Thank you for the private beta invite! ://t.co/1GPO8eU9
.is brilliant!
Am watching that recording of Dalai Lama &amp; Desmond Tutu hangout now. ://t.co/kwPhdAP9
btw, i want to know which book to study compilers from.
this might be a bit long. u can just skim through though. ://t.co/x3MIHPfi
it IS tough. but spending time with it improves your style of coding in procedural based languages.
wow! the haskell session at today's ilugc meet was awesome!
at the ilugc meeting now. was discussing abt scalable systems earlier. discussing about RoR now.
Samsung and google postponing their conference due to jobs death. Apple themselves wouldn't do such a thing.
getjar \m/
://t.co/woaM7zL4 makes typing easier and quicker!
i think i'll attend the ilugc meet today. its been a long time...
tried SwiftKey x?
SwiftKey x is super awesome! Free on getjar!
my brother is still active on orkut!
got my gsoc t-shirt and certi now! here's my certi. ://t.co/4qc3vWF4
nice. :)
never! i say, never!
omg! woke up to the bad news now. RIP Steve Jobs. :(
why do i prefer twitter and google+ over facebook? because most of the posts on fb are not even worth looking at.
some ppl will watch any form of cricket. even something as bad as a champions league match that doesn't involve any of the teams u support.
golden rule on the internet: never argue w/ morons and noobs. oh yeah, moronic noobs too.
Gaah! Exaggeration! Y.YOU.EXIST??
if this goes any further, i am gonna start a series of guest rage comics.
my mom interrupts my 4 hour sleep and asks me to get ready to meet navarathiri guests. one more reason for me to dislike guests.
Johny English Reborn is one awesome movie! Enjoyed it with friends. :-)
exactly!
and after so many months, apple comes out with a copy of samsung galaxy s2.
nice that express avenue provides free wifi for 2 hours.
does the movie at EA plan still exist? plz keep me updated.
good morning tweeps. :-)
a third yr just now came up to me and asked authoritatively whether i was a second yr. bulbed him with the truth.
gonna reach central bus stand, trichy.
just like every centOS fan would be happy with a redhat release, i am happy that iphone5 is coming. #android
android
&quot;a faceless enemy is the most dangerous.&quot; #apple
apple
&quot;there are so many awesome open source projects online that, to simply waste one's time is a sin. go contribute!&quot;
when will google come up with an equivalent of amazon silk?
its fun to travel as long as u dont have to drag a strolley along.
#f8fefc? (tumblr's) @ferozenaina
f8fefc
gotta go have lunch but this lathangi piece by U Srinivas is holding me back. #whattaman
whattaman
can't read the text clearly though. color of fonts can be lighter. @sathya3445
be at irc://freenode/nitt from now on. we'll chat.
twidge is written in haskell. must learn haskell then.
huge weekend coming up. from tomo till sunday. #dussehraholidays
dussehraholidays
good morning folks! :)
what a day! got flamed by almost everyone!! :-/
checking out twidge once again.
this month is gonna be big. last shot at ACM ICPC.
did you check ur room number on ur door? i changed it today morning. :P
where are you?
and of course, a good amount of sleep can lead to happiness too. :P
just re-learnt one important lesson today. happiness isn't always defined by happy incidents. sometimes, peace and calm lead to happiness.
thanks to for enabling access to ~145 GB of space in my system. :)
listening to Saraswatipriya alapana. never heard this before. always feels good to listen to a new raaga.
shankarabharanam alapana by L.Subramaniam is so comforting and heavenly! :)
Radiance theme in ubuntu is really good. :)
seriously, today has been one of the worst days ever. only good part is, i kinda felt yday, that today would be bad. don't ask me why.
of course, we lost too. but again, that is usual. don't feel that i am worthy of selection. let at least others get a chance.
went to play with a team full of bowlers, never got a chance to bowl, got bowled golden duck. worst of all, i snapped n fought wd d captain.
of course, that decision has got everything to do with me, rather than anything/anyone else. #disappointed
disappointed
worst day of cricket ever! i hereby quit playing cricket at NIT Trichy.
worst monday morning ever!!
clarification: &quot;msp program&quot; meant &quot;applying for msp program&quot; in my prev tweet.
2nd step of msp program hopefully over. can concentrate on icpc preparations properly now.
at code obfuscation finals now. #shaastra
shaastra
of course, it also means that there is a lot of opportunity for the rest of mankind.
have lost hope in mankind. almost everyone wants to #timepass all the time!
timepass
but why code heavily during powercut/travel. 1 Lappy + 1 netbook seems to be a good idea.
u guys can get a netbook...
got selected for code obfuscation finals. that means i have to go back to iit-m for #shaastra today...
shaastra
thanks to for submitting my mobile computing classwork today! :)
keywords of talks that crowds are always attracted to: 1. Hacking 2.Android #lessonslearned #shaastra
lessonslearned
shaastra
insane crowd for the android dev lecture by @lut4rp!! #shaastra
shaastra
will play maybe after icpc.
at an awesome talk by arvind gupta at #shaastra. this guy: ://t.co/CfbSc97Q
shaastra
ah. this guy is showing why one compromise can bring everything down.
so, he makes a guy click a shortened url which hides a js code that steals cookies. #ok
ok
lol. this guy is phishing some random guy in an ethical hacking lecture! #shaastra
shaastra
wait! this guy is supposed to talk abt ethical hacking. sigh. these things always suck.
why cant these #shaastra ppl provide internet connection for organizers from outside?
shaastra
dumb talk on ethical hacking going on at #shaastra.
shaastra
damn! these idiots cant stop misusing the term 'hack'! #disgusted
disgusted
at iitm now. #shaastra
shaastra
back home! :)
overslept, woke up at koyambedu, caught a bus to t nagar n waitin here now! what a start to the day!
not many ppl in the setc bus that i am travelling in. #thursday
thursday
Off to central bus stand, trichy.
mokkai class. no attendance too. :-(
omg! its gururaj!
decided not to go to shaastra but stay in coll today. few unfinished businesses.
happens to me almost all the time in this slow, dumb internet connection that i have.
they should declare 10 days holidays for colleges during dussehra and navarathri. can eat sundal at home, then.
insects all over the place! so switched to a dark twitter theme.
how many of you know that NIT Trichy has its own Google Technology User Group from today? join right away! groups.google.com/group/nitt-gtug
Zynga profits dive 95%, no new games to blame ://t.co/UvgWKNcv
damn! slept for &amp;gt;4 hours!!
of course the mobile desktop twitter widget is awesome too!
GO launcher is truly awesome! love the cartoon theme on my android!
pettai rap and urvasi urvasi! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;chikku bukku chikku bukku raile!!!&quot; #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
&quot;arabikkadalorum&quot; now! :-) #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
lol. they said they'll sing a hindi song, sang one line, went to english n then tamil now! no hindi! lol. bulb! #festember #pronite
festember
pronite
wth!! what is he singing?? &quot;papa is happy when the food is on the table&quot; ??? #randomsong #festember
randomsong
festember
got into barn after 1.5 hours of waiting! disgusting! #festember
festember
when leaving for barn?
tried to reverse tether my android. #fail so far.
fail
dozed off for a while...
i dont wear glasses regularly. so changed my profile pic almost everywhere.
what?
not got anything to do with padippu machi.
changed my twitter dp to another old one.
had planned to go watch/attend a few events today morning. ended up in spider labs instead...
1.2 Mbps!!
power back. off to spider labs! :)
will put the source code online of course! :) will blog about in a few hours when I come back from festember...
of course, am a final year student. so noone would depend on me. :D
supposed to help others in arranging events. boring non-tech stuff...
gotta have lunch and leave for festember soon. yawn...
spent all morning w/o breakfast to write a python script to retrieve all 50 odd topcoder algorithm tutorial articles. will blog abt it soon.
at barn hall now with friends. #festember
festember
classes over for the day. yay!
can diaspora make an impact in this world of twitter-google+-facebook?
why no article on how fb copying most of google+? would love to see one.
never underestimate a product.
its so silent that i can hear laughing for jokes in the movie that he's watching...
started on 5 drawings for assignment. :-) would have continued if not for this unscheduled powercut...
time for an haircut? yeah!!
u can set passwords for ur androidAP connection da.
bunking all morning classes today. :P
updating my google+ android app now. :)
horrible timetable for tomorrow. planning to bunk a lot.
problems with setuptools while setting up trac on remote system without internet connection ://t.co/LrjjIu3T
today's div 2 srm was kinda tough. must practise more..
:-)
when nobody is nice to you, there is nothing you can do, but just move on. #thathuvam
thathuvam
what can be worse than bad teachers? bad classmates.
11 points increase. ok. i'll take it. at least it has increased...
hmmm. should have started the 900 point problem earlier. seemed easy. wasted too much time on the 600 point problem. its okay. #topcoder
topcoder
reserve your username at ://gkl.st/2 here is mine ://t.co/JrFB79xL
tc srm 519 in an hour...
hard work pays! yeah!!
they tell me that there is no curd rice after billing me for it! eating lemon rice now. sigh...
learnt something new now. hopefully the first good thing that has happened to me so far, today.
yes!! yes yes yes! understood at last!
ouch. my back aches now.
i wish something good would happen now...
just what i wanted. google search provides results from a few social networks. ://t.co/j4yxzE4D
a bright, wonderful monday morning! looking forward to an exciting week! :)
Damn. My gprs has begun to cost me now. Wth is  happening? Stupid airtel!
had weird dreams. strangely, i think i had similar dreams years ago. good morning tweeps.
opinions change with experience. #thathuvam
thathuvam
'Best apps' is one of the best apps out there on the android market. a must try for android users.
when will i ever learn to not talk to strangers?
facebook is for braggarts. twitter is for chatterboxes. but there is a bit of both inside every one of us.
windows. open?? oh. u dont mean the OS. let me go back to what i was doing...
cant sms. :-( at least can tweet...
rameshwaram exp
piri man da nee. :-)
and rameshwaram exp has started. got my ticket checked now, too.
and that leaves 4 rupees as balance. strangely costing me 1 rupee per sms, now. cant sms any1 too. cha.
oh. lol. thought u saw me.
yep. am wearing a grey t shirt.
wth! my current gprs plan is different from my original gprs plan. so 60 bucks detected from balance now. :-(
in one of those nice coaches with power sockets all over the place. :-)
windows 8?
uninstallation done.
i'm going to say goodbye to this macbuntu theme and return to good ol' ubuntu's 'Ambiance' theme.
y u so scared? @viveksundarm
YEAHHHH!!!!!! my ubuntu is back! triple booting ubuntu 11.04, windows 7 and windows 8 dev preview now. :)
off to the Startup Center for Mobile Monday on a Saturday. #MoMo
MoMo
damn! i cant even use a computer without my glasses! everything seems more blurred w/o them.
what is happening? seeing more icons on my start menu now. #w8dp
w8dp
good morning tweeps. back home safely. :)
lol.
lol. he started the conversation first!
lol. was talking abt android to some random stranger in the town bus to trichy. felt good.
good to see new, clean seat covers on this setc bus. :-)
i want my ubuntu back! missing it already :'( @_iakkom
nice. :-) how abt putting it on wikileaks?
nee verumna paathundu thaan iruppa. @_iakkom
wait. how is that apps are closing now in windows 8 dp, if i press alt+F4? this wasn't working yday.
feeling much better after that deep sleep... :)
one guy is calling wipro, infosys, cts and tcs as the &quot;venerable big four&quot;!!
haha. true. not comfortable on desktops/laptops. i was comparing its start menu with older versions of windows. :-)
must've listened to mankatha theme song &amp;gt;30 times since afternoon. too good. thanks to @_iakkom.
like my mob's new screen guard. :-)
haha! 2 of my batchmates professing their love to each other over facebook!
windows 8 might not be the most comfortable or customizable OS that i have ever seen, but it surely one of the best! damn intuitive!
loving windows 8 developer preview on a fast internet connection. :)
is on a photo walk around the campus with a 5mp camera. :-P
sure! :-)
first tweet from Tweet:)
after 2 hours of chaotic comedy with @viswanathgs, and finally @_iakkom, got windows 8 dev preview workin on my lappy. :-)
HURRAY!! downloaded windows 8 developer preview. was so tensed that the sha1 checksums might not match! they did! yay!!
its at 99% now!! :)
I hereby declare war!! on my laziness!!
been a long time since i felt this pathetic!! :|
if I buy the galaxy tab 750 from your website, how do I avail that vodafone plan?
i really must start solving these 1000 point problems!! not even attempting them... :(
i think i'll go to spider labs now n put windows 8 on download. will be having lunch at vasantham n will come to class from there.
ya. its huge! i dunno whether 3 hours would be sufficient to download it with the internet speed over there...
not yet. it just released a while ago. will do it today. lots of great feedback abt it. tempted to bunk web class today. :-P
lol. smell of books for e-books! :D ://t.co/mq7E7x2
ah. i think i'll replace that third partition in my system containing fedora 15 now, with windows 8 developer preview.
damn. just when i was abt to order an android tablet, they release windows 8. looks very promising, i must say! #build
build
i just love this metro UI!
i was beginnin to wonder why i wanted an android tab. jus remembered that it was because i wanted to optimize wordpress for android tablets!
good morning tweeps. feeling great in the morning after a long time. had a good night's sleep. :-)
for once i am glad that my room is warm..
shipped my gsoc code to google today. yay!
make way for minus! ://t.co/oHavlbe
OUCH! ://t.co/cFPC8eA
whew. just confirmed that today is the soft deadline.
Awesome news abt delicious  ://t.co/Qdr9nv8
i dont want to go to the only theory class of today. boo hoo. #boring
boring
no revolutionary news in tech for the past few days. #boring
boring
there is a huge difference between teasing among friends and slander on a public forum.
it need not even be written by the same person. multiple ppl using hashtags, maybe?
no. u didnt get me. a series of tweets that make up a short story.
readin abt data mining. i dont want all info. just want necessary info tht i need frm this book. i.e.data mine this book on data mining.
how about using twitter as a medium to write/narrate short stories? there would be live feedback as well. @kgdinesh
every raagam/song sounds good if the singer sings it that way.
bouli is awesome. kalpana swarams in it are even more awewome.
me thinks tht me will take a break from swype and use the samsung soft-keyboard in landscape mode instead...
This book on How Children Learn Language by William O'Grady is just awesome!
and advised me not to have too much of this kesari. I should've listened.
ah. I think I would have to use my laptop today.
Ah. I always thought that no1 looked at this perspective for nlp. But found a book. &quot;How children learn language&quot; by william o grady. Nice.
mobile twitter is faster than twitter apps mainly because u don't see profile pics in it.
ah. almost. but not for programming purposes...
topcoder da. was talking about yday's srm.
played games on mobile, listened to the radio. came to library about an hour back. reading a few interesting stuff.
I have challenged myself not to open my laptop today. going good so far.
oh yes. I think I will learn hindi.
ah. ok.
oh. I thought the aim was to spread knowledge. cha.
I don't understand. Why aren't all academic research papers available online for free?
why is it that I wake up so late on Sundays? anyway, good morning tweeps.
i am not even attempting this 1000 point problem.
1000pt problems. Y.YOU.SO.HARD??
3 more hits and my blog will reach 6k hits. :P ://t.co/j2gXjeo
ivar apudiye police u. naanga thirudanaama. i need to 'accept' facts aam. ensuring that justice is served via facebook.
lol at he doubts my credibility.
Onaan inside spider labs. Lol.
where did you buy? how much?
The quickest and most reliable way of accessing twitter on my android is the mobile website.
The English cricket team would love the name of the next version of Android. #jellybean
jellybean
time to begin. #coding
coding
lol. thu.
do indians still watch cricket??
been receiving a lotta visits on my blog for the past few days. naice...
u disgusting ppl. one placed in an electrical company and another a EEE student...
i increase the entropy of the universe by adding unknown but interesting ppl into my &quot;Random&quot; circle on google+.
wait. i've been spending so much time on google+ that i haven't even noticed twitter for a while now...
summa verupethifying. :P
yay!
awesome da!
I can either continue to laze around in my room like this or go to Spider labs and work properly. I choose the latter.
70467 in racing moto! muhahaha! beat that, @_iakkom!
&quot;yethi yethi&quot; on radio now. brings back first year memories...
Heading to trichy with comp sci classmates for treat.
Yay! Installed Paper Camera for free from getjar! It IS as awesome as everyone claim it to be!
i think my twitter page looks better now :) #allwhite
allwhite
listening and singing along to &quot;mazhai varudhu mazhai varudhu&quot; on infinite loop. wingmates feeling...
I better stop snoozing and start rising... Good morning tweeps.
First we called him Jagadeesh. Then Jagi. And then Jag. Now, we don't call him anymore. :P  @Satish_NR
@_iakkom: when u guys leaving?
I love distributed computing but this class is boring...
I wonder how patents are granted to apple for some really silly stuff. Something v fishy...
Restore and Preserve Page State for Windows Phone 7.5 or Mango Phone ://t.co/FRJjEed /via @wordpressdotcom
is at a new low. fresh beginnings ahead... #hope
hope
either i am missing out on something or people are not listening to me...
i am still out here!
i want those qsn papers!
btw, change your username to something else da. please.
have a look. ://t.co/cUq0ksk
have u seen videos of windows phone 7 mango? it seems twitter and facebook have been integrated into it! looks good. :)
how abt creating a distro just for social purposes?
ah. doesn't seem to be tweeting. and that can mean only one thing. HE'S STUDYING!!!
specific cd or all cds? which version of ubuntu?
i got a good internet connection now. yeah!
3g connection! Y.YOU.FAIL.ME?
i think u have given me only one koshtin paper containing 40 koshtins...
hey. yeah, it was. :)
Off to creative writing 'exam' now...
I don't like these horrible tamil film songs that they play in these buses. That too this early in the morning!
some of my friends are scared/irritated that unknown people add them on google+. and they do have twitter acccounts! #hypocrites #fb
hypocrites
fb
mobile computing is pretty interesting...
i asked how ur preparation is, da.
Am at chennai occ now. Looking at some very interesting startup products...
boarded train? How is ur preparation da?
ok.
just realized that vasanth's link was the ebook that u had already given to me. ma'am mentioned some other book right? wt abt that?
12 crore zeros perhaps?
.seems to be studying a lot. no tweets for quite some time now... dei, anyway u r S grade in mobile da.
lol.
Awesome experience at nerd dinner chennai today!
yep. he never attended any class though. placements...
And the second event for the day is nerd dinner chennai. am already here. might start in a short while.
I am NOT going to watch another tamil movie for a looooong time!!
i should start studying for monday's &quot;Mobile Computing&quot; exam, now. but i think i'll try to come up with a windows phone 7 app now...
and the first event for the day is mankaatha! booked tickets yday night...
good morning tweeps. :) have 2 events planned for the day...
://t.co/eEFDD3X
good night folks. not sleepy but i think i'll play around with my mobile before going to sleep. c ya.
dear apple, go die! ://t.co/ZeN9AnS
lol! bing and google plus. ://t.co/Cbs78Qj
and oh, yeah. epic fail today. thought that 1530 UTC meant 11pm Indian time!
back home... :)
samsung launched some new products today. maybe, postponing my decision to buy the galaxy tab was an awesome decision after all...
refer my prev tweet.
Galaxy Ace - Gingerbread update ://t.co/ZCevKQj
there seems to be only post/site online that has taken notice of the galaxy ace gingerbread update in india! sad...
the world looks much better when u upgrade your android device... have a great morning everyone!
dunno what feels better. gingerbread or triple sixes by dravid...
Yes. :-)
am now running gingerbread on my ace. :)
yay! heard that gingerbread official update is available for galaxy ace in india now!! woot! @_iakkom
with toshiba, amazon and sony entering the market, the consumers stand to gain...
reason being, there aren't too many android tabs out in the market yet. more competition means better products and cheaper price.
argh! dilemma max! i think i will wait for a few months before buying the galaxy tab...
offline gmail is awesome! ://t.co/ROVS4jn
Only few hours remaining to convince me to not buy a galaxy tab 750. flipkart's offer gets over then.
Badminton, table tennis, pool and swimming with bro! Awesome experience!
google+ also supports j,k.
why isn't mangatha trending on twitter?
can never understand why some people do not allow others to dream big. #bro
bro
if i pre-order the Samsung Galaxy Tab 750 now, when will i get it?
not exactly. we've just found inner peace...
ah. that's ok. we know which coll is better... :)
the question is not &quot;will i&quot;, but &quot;when will i&quot;...
romba over! ://t.co/zG4pqSW
must start tracking time.
another reason why working on open source projects are awesome. u get to make good friends like :)
can someone invite me to quora? #quora
quora
tired. even twitter seems boring now...
Got to start studying now...
Anna becomes an icon, Irom Sharmila forgotten - India News - IBNLive ://t.co/UGKvaVD
for sms spam, smsBlocker is pretty good.
thanks! just now saw this tweet. got placed in microsoft about a month back...
apparently there's some random football match going on...
yay! can go study now!
lol. not yet. ;) :P
in fact, i was asked to upload it onto youtube.
and what's wrong with that?
my video for the microsoft student partner program: ://t.co/0FDLoQF :P
sadly, no irc client seems to be as awesome as chatzilla. makes me depend on firefox.
MUST.STOP.SINGING.ALONG! #canthelpit
canthelpit
in love with automata once again! :)
:D :P
dai! anyway, gnome2 still rocks! and echofon sucks because i'd have to use firefox.
and i just reached 2000 tweets with my prev tweet! :P
i salute medical students like who devote their time and lives to the welfare of other people! you rock!!
those students are of course, medical students!!
in midst of all this complaining, i can't help but feel amazed about a group of students. they study and they serve.
i bet some of my classmates are going through prev years kosthin papers now...
nee vera. i'd be studying for placements now, if so!
t2k is nearing... (tweet two thousand)
i wish companies that we got placed in, could just whisk us away from college right now and take us to their offices...
random songs on infinite loop...
i guess i must stop complaining and resume studying...
most of them might be studying even now. :(
it is ok with me to study, after getting placed. but i'd want to study something new. not old stuff!!
why isn't 'cycle test' trending on twitter? :|
have felt the same, over all these years... :|
can't believe that i have to study stuff that were taught 1.5 years ago! unfair! #automata
automata
of course, if i am really purchasing, it'd be only around december or later...
galaxy tabs 730 and 750, motorola xoom come with honeycomb. rumors abt toshiba coming up with a tab as well.
i did. confused over what to buy next. will give this ace to my dad if i go for nexus prime.
in fact, getting my first android, is indirectly the reason why i'm going for something next. #gsoc
gsoc
i might not buy at all too. kinda confused. might be receiving a windows phone 7 next year, to add to the confusion.
:P would be my response. #nocomments
nocomments
galaxy tab or nexus prime?? #confused
confused
huh?
RT twitter needs to make tagging not eat up the word count.
wow! the windows phone 7 emulator looks stunning. much better than the android one...
not if we dunno the answers while giving the exam...
Companies are like political parties. They can become a liability any time. Better not to talk about them at all.
on twitter? there's an @ Mentions tab below the &quot;What's happening?&quot; textbox. you can view tweets mentioning you, over there.
#ThankYouSteveJobsFor making everyone realize that every little detail on a product deserved the attention of a CEO. ://t.co/RJ7NlMb
ThankYouSteveJobsFor
realized that i've all along seen only from google's perspective. nice one. ://t.co/LL1rOSu #applevsgoogle
applevsgoogle
is now a gsocer... :)
just saw the news. awesome da! congrats! :)
awesome!!
fb - acquaintances
deadlock
today is friday. which means unlimited payasam in mess. Slurrppp!
awesome weather here at trichy!
good morning tweeps! :)
that worked! forgot to inform earlier...
that feeling u get when u realize u might have been wrong all along...
NVIDIA and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet + Tegra Zone power pack ://t.co/NY3qAtt Begin living life!
cycle tests coming up. will lower my twitter usage for the next few weeks.
check this. ://t.co/h9jXvD3
when I +1 something, do I say plus oned or plussed one?
am not gonna retweet funny/interesting tweets that might make me lose credibility. gonna +1 them instead.
&quot;Students, take your mobile out n check your IMEI number. Go on, do it.&quot; - prof in mobile computing class
just what i wanted! ://t.co/i8RmWRL @_iakkom
big news that was made while I was sleeping: Steve Jobs Resigns. hmmm... dunno how to react.
good morning tweeps! classes from 8.30 to 4 today...
didn't u just have dinner?
prof who teaches compilers keeps referring to automata all the time. and i don't remember most of it.
is planning to read automata all over again...
where art thou?
ah. yes. point taken.
i meant that this is comfortable too. so, no reason to not expect people to use it.
viewing conversations, images and videos are v comfy in the web...
got to add new photos to twitter asap!
just saw the time! gotta rush to class. dear followers, u have been saved, if u have not been bored to death already!
Who is suing who? ://t.co/RAZmfJu
Gold: Did You Know You Could Rip Apart Your Computer and Melt the Circuit Boards for Gold? - ://t.co/b9MqRZK
TIL that djvu is supposed to be pronounced as dejavu. makes more sense now...
ppl ought to realize that the 'good' guys are the bad guys and the 'bad' guys are the good guys. #random
random
if apple acquires twitter, i think i'll stop using it, as a sign of protest.
it seems i have tweeted &amp;gt;1000 tweets through the web interface. atleast one milestone reached before class, today...
ah. according to tweetstats, i tweeted more this month, than last month. and there's still a week left...
i admit defeat. i can't type too many tweets in a short span of time. i'd end up spamming people too.
and more importantly, most open source organizations have really nice ppl with whom you can interact with. #opensource
opensource
just realized that which organization you work for, doesn't matter much. whom you work with, does.
thanks! :)
i would really like if more of my friends use google+ regularly.
Hamirkalyani is an awesome raaga. #carnatic #music
carnatic
music
Android (Finally) Taking Steps Towards WebKit And&#160;Chromium via ://t.co/O7Ajxb5
and yeah. must begin studying for my cycle tests too. they start next week. secretly hope that they get postponed...
hmmm. i might have to do a video or a screencast of my gsoc project sometime soon. sounds good. will do it.
just noticed that my klout score seems to be rising quite steeply, of late...
84 tweets in 42 min?? that's 2 tweets per min. don't think i'd be able to reach 2000 tweets before morning class today...
thought that there will be a powercut at 8. nope. there isn't. yay!
Dhoni's preference: &quot;Veil, of course.&quot;
that completes one hour of trying to stay awake but dozing off. MUST.WAKE.UP!
i'd rather watch india's batting collapse, rather than see sachin score his 100th hundred in a losing cause in this shameful series.
open the innings. hit about half of the team's total. watch your mates get out. carry the bat. follow-on enforced. open the next innings.
can we see a 300+ score on the board now? plz plz.
dravid on 99...
&quot;Dravid might stay unbeaten this innings and have to come out again as an opener when India follow-on. That will require some real effort!&quot;
and gokulashtami poojai is on...
back to the old market.
microsoft does. :P
there's an app called smsBlocker on the android market that does that.
lol. hitler and hp. ://t.co/ivRSEY2
wow! just what I wanted! ://t.co/2QL7pZ4
what is that code in the background?
and why exactly am I not able to follow new people now?
and yeah, good morning folks. awesome weather at chennai...
twitter DOES need to roll out new features. improve lists, give some new designs, improve your people search, DO SOMETHING!!
Dash dot and more - Saar! Auto?: ://t.co/BRS5x9h
should write a twitter bot to find out which accounts are twitter bots.
lol. where do u search? twitter?
don't think so. they r emotionally drained after the world cup, kirsten's departure &amp; ipl. he would have taken care of tat.
really awesome! Clicking on hashtags seems to crash the app, though.
feels good to see some tweets abt myself. :P will retweet them now.
felt good to give a lightning talk at the #GTUGChn kickoff event today. :) #fb
GTUGChn
fb
that was an interesting video session with Shashank from Google. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
intro time. #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
that is exactly what a service is!
and #GTUGChn kickoff has started. is delivering the keynote.
GTUGChn
why isn't any1 else tweeting about the gtug chennai kickoff event? #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
its actually &amp;gt; 150 million android activations now. :) #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
they're now playing that &quot;100 million Android activations&quot; video at #GTUGChn
GTUGChn
lol.
announcement by @ImKarthikK: #GTUGChn kickoff will start in 10 min. waiting for other enthusiasts.
GTUGChn
the first gtug chennai event is gonna start now... #GTUGChn #kickoff #fb
GTUGChn
kickoff
fb
New version of tweetdark free is much more awesome now!
Am at #GTUGChn now. With my parents. :P
GTUGChn
is it possible to get tickets for 2 people at the event? I have one and I'd be accompanying them.
any windows mobile/phone developers in India? whom can I connect with?
fake news: facebook buys palm. all social networks abuzz with 'facepalm' moments. @fakingnews
google+ completes me.
just woke up now n got to know about HP's future plans. BIG news.
good morning tweeps! have a wonderful day! :)
Conversation with Torvalds. ://t.co/GRySuUY
yikes! already 7 am! i can't stop reading these tech blogs.
not in the mood to go running now. will rather sit in room and code...
let us wait for it to dawn. we can at least see how wet the grounds are, behind our hostel. that'll give us some idea.
dunno. the ground might be wet. what shall we do?
good morning tweeps. :)
Long day...
Science: Five Little-Known Inventions From Deceased Robot Maker George C. Devol - ://t.co/4FPoXTj
haha ://t.co/uw3MDN8
even startup founders give lectures at UC Berkeley. so, my point is, becoming a prof is over-rated. i feel its not worth it.
twitter could do with a +1 button. i wouldn't want to favorite or retweet all interesting tweets.
and is awake now. can go jogging... :)
Kernel modules must have at least two functions: a &quot;start&quot; function called init_module() and an &quot;end&quot; function called cleanup_module()
ping me when u wake up. we'll go jogging.
oh, yeah. good morning tweeps. :)
Simply awesome - and are giving away a free Samsung Tab 10.1 tablet ://t.co/Spdr4lQ. I hope I get one.
Will Google Lure Microsoft Into The Cellphone Briar&#160;Patch? via ://t.co/Qsm4feu
&#8220;Defending&#160;Android&#8221; via ://t.co/sqemUm1
something great is gonna happen today. i can sense it.
Apple&#8217;s Evidence In European Galaxy Tab Injunction Was Seriously Misleading&#8230; As In&#160;False via ://t.co/ebuFmyP
which one?
he got placed there? or is he our campus representative? @_iakkom
what is this about u and directi that i hear? @_iakkom
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE GOOGLE-MOTOROLA DEAL: Google Had To Do It--And It Could End Up Being A Disaster ://t.co/2UP6cXV
today's google doodle suddenly seems to look more like the motorola logo now...
maybe microsoft will acquire nokia now.
awesome news for google and android fans: google acquires motorola!
gonna make dosas of all varieties now... :)
eight tweets make a twyte.
what u upto, today?
good morning tweeps! :)
dad sure needs some rest now after driving for so long. as usual, i slept off during the boring parts of the journey. so, feeling fresh! :P
gosh! that trip to surutupalli was long, hot and tiring but it was fun and exciting at the same time too!
back home at last!
Off to surutapalli now.
finished gayatri japam now. :)
its my dad's bday today! happy birthday @simulation!
lol. what happened to gayatri japam? when u doing it?
its ok da. good morning! :)
i am NOT supposed to feel sleepy now after sleeping for such a long time today afternoon!! but i AM feeling sleepy...
u awake?
its goosebumps da
games on google+ are awesome!
time to rebel.
dang! slept for 4 hours again, in the morning!
happy aavani aavittam folks! just got back home after poonal changing ceremony... :)
why do i feel tired already? i must have slept for at least 3-4 hours today morning...
lol. even has a klout score of only 84.
disgusting sehwag.
u sure? i doubt it.
i just love typing nonsense on twitter!
klout is not a game, my friend.
hope to work on something related to twitter sometime soon...
dei dei. too much da! :P no football too, plz. :D
can everyone stop talking about cricket for a while? it hurts.
is any1 else having problems on facebook?
&quot;Your account is currently unavailable due to a site issue. We expect this to be resolved shortly. Please try again in a few minutes.&quot; - fb
is on a retweeting spree. if someone is following me on mobile, i'd suggest them to stop it for the next few days... :P #twitter #athome
twitter
athome
when will samsung galaxy tab 750 (10.1) be available on flipkart?
finally! the group has been created. welcome, fellow admin.
good morning tweeps! :)
got 20 min left to pack my stuff and here I am, before my comp, tweeting...
going to dosa mela at sangeetha's for dinner tonight. and then leaving for chennai. dear home, here I come!
whew! that was one hectic week at coll! glad that it has finally come to an end... almost.
windows mobile is over. i think u might be referring to windows phone...
good morning tweeps. another day nearly full of classes, coming up...
Evicted from my room by insects!! Gaah!
classes seem to be going fast. wouldn't say that about evening life...
fingers and arms screaming in pain! played mirudangam after months! feeling good. :)
The Hindu : Columns / Nirmal Shekar : Dravid deserves greater respect: ://t.co/akWrDII via @AddThis
Its important to keep ur ideas under wraps until u implement them.
this is the third continuous day that I am having a nearly-full day at college!! #eksi
eksi
planning to listen to classes from today... :)
oh. cool. asked because I got placed at Microsoft. was v curious n didn't know whom to ask. thanks anyway! :)
just wanted to clarify. Microsoft employees have the freedom to use non-Microsoft products like GNU/Linux as their OS, right?
already 11 am! gotta wash clothes b4 continuing work on #gsoc project... :(
gsoc
good morning tweeps! gotta get working. #gsoc
gsoc
wait. was the accident at sometime around 5pm in ecr road?
shit!! one of my closest childhood friends passed away today evening in a car accident!! shocked to get the news!!! :( :'(
Tired...
hi. i got to knw abt u in that html5.in conf last year at chennai where u talked abt css3. a doubt. do u work at microsoft hyd?
enjaai!
i hope that they don't chuck me out because i refuse to use the OS that they make... what am i supposed to do?
nope. forever GNU/Linux. more of an ubuntu fan actually...
damn! i never thought my twitter handle that way. i don't use windows... :P
what is windows xp?? (looks around to see if any1 else knows...)
Yawn! Good morning tweeps!
jus realized now. even the matrix had agent smith. #justsaying
justsaying
feeling depressed/angry/irritated/tired/sad?? listen to some music!
Awake at last... #goodmorning
goodmorning
feel sorry for mozilla! :( ://t.co/iOGbS46
bot from ur id to tweet greetings at regular intervals to specific people so that they don't feel that u r ignoring them. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
different forms of tweets that appear personalized to specific users. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
i believe and will have more #ideasfortwitter too.
ideasfortwitter
an AI program that tries to determine what ur mood is, from ur latest few tweets. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
a programming contest site that takes tweets as input programs for judging. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
let me a create a new hashtag on twitter and see how far it goes. #ideasfortwitter
ideasfortwitter
my reaction wasn't for ur mokka. it was for getting placed in THAT company!
paappom paappom. either i won't be in THAT company or THAT company would have become the biggest champion of open source cos of me
angry that i'm being associated with something dumb. :P THEY WILL NEVER BUY MY VIEWS!! NEVER EVER!! NOOO....
my dad is live on radio at ://t.co/TNHUQix on aboorva raagangal part 2. 90.1 FM.
Fedora 7?? U must be kidding me!
congrats @_iakkom!! awesome job!
life's good when u have download speeds greater than 1.2Mbps.
wow! congrats guys! all the best for ur next round! u guys will surely get it!
ok. cool. i'll be going at 10.30. will come to room before that anyway. let me know if u change ur mind.
thanks da. my phone ran out of charge. i called her a few min back after putting it on charge. thanks anyway. :)
oh. cool. good luck with second round. :) btw, sp2hari is in garnet tonight and is leaving only tomo. coming at 10.30 to meet him?
back in room? what's ur interview status?
that's strange. i remember not being able to do an svn checkout from college...
interviews going on? good luck buddy. :) can u msg me when u r free? want to ask u something.
and the best gift on my star bday so far! commit access to the official wordpress android app! yay!! sign that i have finally grown up!
had an awesome dinner with the legendary @sp2hari!! planning to meet him again in a few hours. he is simply superb! learnt a lot from him.
Awesome star bday so far!!
Going to be the toughest exam of my life...
its disappointing days like these when I feel that I should stop watching/following cricket...
I believe that they came out with such an algo just for fun...
yep. :)
searching on google news for &quot;govind tiwari&quot; will give u a better picture...
he's a random guy who's infamous for creating the worst-looking blog one could ever create...
feels good to view a bit of nature whenever I look up away from my laptop. ://yfrog.com/h0tu9wgj
RT now just gonna wait for #basha to trend on twitter :)
basha
thanks to for gifting me these awesome headphones...
feels that headphones around one's neck look cooler than over one's head...
no. observed that i'm putting on weight. would love to start running long distances...
Integrating is tougher than developing stand alone parts of a program.
Must start running.
According to tweetstats, is the second highest person whom I have replied to, via twitter. The first is his old twitter handle...
Creativity is the father of Invention.
my situation is worse... :( couldn't go even though I had a ticket...
&quot;Lie! Run! Hide!&quot; Ya. Ok, right.
exactly.
There'll be a day when companies expect candidates to write program solutions in less than 140 characters...
lol. I wanted to say that first. But changed my mind later. :P Btw, did u just say 'apt'? I expected 'yum' from u...
someone with a rhyming nickname. where the nickname's first 3 letters are &quot;kay&quot;... ;) :P
I hereby christen my room as &quot;Anirudh's Laboratory&quot;.
did they just buy me and my views? no. they didn't. i still stand by what I've said...
Ayo kadavule! Some student next to me putting scene after first round. Irritating!!
vaazhkaikke machan...
Moral of the story: being good feels good.
When will I ever see a linux system being projected on the screen for these kind of presentations?
The organizing fellows from my coll r here. They're checking d sound system with some random music that sounds like a harmonica...
When was the last time that I arrived first at some place? This feels good...
No. I am not taking part in non-technical activities anymore...
what a lousy performance! :( #tc #srm
tc
srm
at ilab with @gklsndr...
awake at last...
That was another boring class. Relieved that I need not attend anymore for the day...
Sadly, I am so pazham that i'm scared to bunk classes...
WHAT.A.BORING.CLASS!!
TIL that Eric Schmidt was the co-author of LEX!
wow! awesome article da! thanks for sharing.
thank u! :)
thanks da. :)
didn't like it. expected more...
Disappointed with deivathirumagal...
Deivathirumagal with family now.
i think its karaharapriya da...
awesome bday gift! thanks!! :)
Had an awesome evening at bessie with parents!
ipl DOES improve cricket relations b/w countries. couldn't have expected pk n kp congratulate each other at the end of yday, if not for ipl.
now listening to Neevanti Daivamu Shadanana - Bhairavi raagam by Malladi Bros...
just realized that my typing speed has improved considerably over the past few weeks. touch typing finally seems to have paid off.
want inspiration? here it is... (in case u already haven't read it) :P ://t.co/kRKrCo1
oh. just realized that i have classes from 10.30 today. read it as 1.30 yday...
good morning tweeps. hope to have a better day today.
Shocked to know that google labs will be shut down!
That completes 2 boring classes for the day. Hope the next one is better...
Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me. #launch ://t.co/NlcH2PR via @vizualizeme
launch
only google can have white backgrounds, is it? i'll have a white background for my twitter profile too! (...pukes in the background later)
gnome3 is the worst thing that ever happened to fedora...
hmmm... how is twitter working properly on chromium - fedora 15 now?
i knew what today's google doodle was about, before clicking on it! that's because i was a bio student in 11th and 12th... :)
lol... ://t.co/lw3qzWg
@ home away from home... #spiderlab
spiderlab
Dear professor, if u r gonna teach us how to use the web, y dont u teach us how to brush our teeth, how to eat, etc as well?
I keep half-expecting the sites I write on my notebook, to automatically get converted into hyperlinks. @kgdinesh
yeah. official gingerbread update has been released! is it available in india? will have to check now...
so, now i am supposed to update my video card drivers and reinstall the adt plugin?? surely, this is a joke, right?
damn! i shouldn't have update my adt plugin...
enough of studying for the day...
where art thou?
back in college machis!
Nice. This compartment actually has got 2 plug sockets for every 8 seats, for charging laptops and mobile phones. and they actually work!
back home after shopping for clothes for bday. :)
god! still so sleepy...
lazy sunday afternoon...
:D just kidding
wait. I am an executive member of Amruthavarshini right? does it mean this? ://t.co/fX5PIoL
u should maybe try the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Load from snapshot&quot; options...
yay! android app is free from ads from the latest version! way to go!
last day of summer hols 2011. what do i do today? hmmm...
Tendulkar seems to have a long list of people who have got him out as their first wicket.
wow! thanks!
2 out of 3 electives? i think i'll drop kunwar....
hai! jolly! can timepass in daaktar's class...
hotot new UI doesn't appeal to me
experiencing awesome download speeds today!
is awake once again...
why am i suddenly having a download speed &amp;gt; 2Mbps ?? how come?
or break jagi's phone. u'll feel better. @ashwinjagadeesh
time to step on the gas pedal!
just realized that my phone's earphones are more comfy and provide a better effect than the normal earphones i lost a few days back...
am all the more motivated to work now! keep the cash flowing, guys... :P
passed midterms. :) congratulations to all other gsoc students who passed!
got a congratulatory mail now! thanks. :)
hey. sorry to bother you. just want to confirm. all procedures for midterm phase have been done from both our sides, right?
almost there...
font size? :P
at least commentary on cricinfo?
needs a chrome addon to convert all those hindi statements typed in english on facebook, to actual english statements. #cantunderstandathing
cantunderstandathing
i see many ppl use that da. was reminded by @ashwinjagadeesh's statement...
y do some ppl type &quot;come on&quot; as &quot;common&quot; ?? doesn't it mean something else?
gnome3 is worse than unity. u dont make me happy when i'm not able to customize u... :(
Nice post about Sammy. ://t.co/DBDI10B
thank u! thank u!
Iphone? Nope. My android. #customizability ://yfrog.com/klkitp
customizability
past 14 hours = 3 hours of sleep + 11 hours of coding!! whew!!
machi...  nee gethu da!
can't restrain myself from saying &quot;MUHAHAHA&quot; after writing some really nice code...
If I had been a twitter addict, I would've tweeted abt the minor road accident I witnessed outside my window jus now. But I'm not, u see...
first, i made my ubuntu look like a mac. now, my android looks like an iphone! :D #customizability
customizability
not yet. will try soon.
Reached home. Yay!
ya. Realized that. Wish the bar was thinner. The whole thing looks awesome anyway!
good luck! :D
Hope someone comes out with a lighter theme too, of tweetdeck...
Could do without that white bar between tweets though. #tweetdark
tweetdark
Wow! Tweetdark is awesome! Exactly what I wanted.
nice dp :-)
yep :-)
thanks. :)
Strange. Not getting sms for twitter replies...
we're on our way...
reached home?
market link for the app? Can't find it through mobile.
wru guys?
I think i'll have brunch today.
wru guys now?
Chanderpaul century! #whattaman
whattaman
who holds what positions in amruthavarshini for this year?
so what's the news from coll? what do we take with us?
do i integrate twitter with google+? nah, i don't think so. at least not yet.
working during weekends gives a nice feeling... :)
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! &amp;lt;pause&amp;gt; noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!
:D :P
oops! meant &quot;3rd year hols&quot; in my prev tweet...
wait. even if i return home in a few days, is today the last day of my 3rd sem hols?
thanks to my mentor's dvorak keyboard, i had an awesome voice chat with him today! :P
night out dhaan today! never have been so excited about my project, now that i've completely understood everything that is reqd!
just realized the power of discussing things thru skype over discussing the same thing thru irc channels!
don't think so...
i forgot. i got some amruthavarshini post right? :P what was it?
for those who use w3schools: ://t.co/WnerSoI
as usual. cheapness. ://t.co/KVcHEmW
in fact, its my backup mentor whom i'm interacting with, for the past few days. he has lived a few months in india! :D he knows. :)
both my mentors r v cool. they don't mind all this. but i feel ashamed to tell them how pathetic our country is....
lol. not him da...
ashamed to tell my mentor that i couldn't come online because of the power cut here in TN! WHERE IS MY CONTINUOUS POWER SUPPLY, CM??
yay! power back at last.... can now get back to work!
Worst day of hols ever! Think its a 9-5 power cut! all work stalled...
bleddy mosquitoes, y u stab me?
Androinica &#187; Android Market website ratings: a week of rants, reviews, and reality checks: ://t.co/Oq6aXK6 via @AddThis
elders say that only studies soru podum. i am hungry right now. what am i supposed to study?
omg! is truly awesome!! u might love it too!
3 maidens in a row! ://t.co/HsgpERL
u don't need to have a comp. how abt a mobile app? would be great to receive more of ur tweets...
AAAAAND... &amp;chbh=a does the trick! thanks to my mentor for pointing out how stats are implemented in the ios app! :)
and the new honda city arrived today! congrats @simulation!!
i want to make rage comics on some of my coll mates...
its not even 12 hours since i woke up but the day seems long... must be because i am working...
what is Kieswetter doing?? allow Cook to score a century!!
come on cook! get that century!!
cook seems to be playing his best odi innings ever!!
so, facebook decides to ask users to download an exe file for video chat?? that doesn't work even under wine for me... facebook is fail.
How to Sell Like Steve Jobs ://t.co/9Bcs9q5 via @copyblogger
sure! leaving to coll on sunday.
cool. thanks! :)
considering free anti-virus s/w for mom's netbook. ur suggestion? is avast still good?
love the background music too! ://t.co/U0cFiNf
have always loved these wafers...
yep. most of my work would finish by next week anyway...
cleaning up my inbox. setting up new filters b4 i leave to college...
some ppl don't use the reply button in twitter. wonder why...
am back on twitter!
rain!!
suddenly, life seems good...
taking up the job of fixing the algorithmist website and updating stuff, as my responsibility. does any1 want to join?
Facebook to launch its own country to take on Google Plus: ://t.co/IK5oKtB
Twitter Is Obscenely Profitable ://t.co/TphfLb5
ada paavingala! chennai not available as an option yet... cha.
wait. was the &quot;Add my location&quot; option available earlier for chennai tweeters? nice...
awesome! ://t.co/ofaUAYT
IBM develops 'instantaneous' memory, 100x faster than flash ://t.co/pamLr0v via @engadget
lol ://t.co/vJaVu0W
some prob with my android virtual devices. they crashed &amp; had to be force closed. seems a few of them were running in the bground...
omg! i just now realized why my lappy was heating up like a furnace...
my thought process, instead of &quot;oh! map is a hash! oh! dictionary is a hash too!&quot;, is &quot;oh! map is a dictionary!&quot;. i learnt python b4 c++ stl
what happened?
if u post that u'd need just one mark to pass, a sadist teacher would 'like' it, while a nice teacher would +1 it. #googleplusvsfb #mokka
googleplusvsfb
mokka
oh. i don't think the it'll get released officially before aug 30. that's when my project officially ends.
dei! the wordpress app has been in the market for a loooong time. i am working on it to 'improve' it...
Manmohan Singh laughs out loud at Ranbir Kapoor&#8217;s DoCoMo joke: ://t.co/yoUBap8
wait. Google! U r supposed to inform me when I get access to Google+!! Not wait for me to find out on my own...
I still can't figure out where my code exceeds the time limit!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh....... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!! TLE!
i'd dump facebook for google plus any day! now, if only someone would send me an invite...
gave off 2 of my shirts which i had outgrown, to my maid servant for her son. been quite some time since i last did that. feels good. :)
when u feel bad for having committed a mistake but dunno whom to apologize to, append #sorryshaktiman to ur tweet... :P
sorryshaktiman
omg! a c++ program has been waiting for input in my terminal, since morning. noticed only now. #sorryshaktiman
sorryshaktiman
I think it is during the evening only. Anyway, not adyar. Mandaveli today.
grand sweets dhonnai! \m/
must be due to that coldact that i refused to take but was finally forced to...
waking up after nearly 14 hours of sleep...
century only now. :( but better late than never...
darn headache!!
If life provided me an auto-complete option, i'll tab my way through final year of college...
oh. hostel fees by 20th july is it? I was worried that it might be 20th june or something like that...
I have no idea about date. I remember seeing some notice in hostel about payment of fees. What was that about?
when should we pay college fees? Is the date over or something? I remember seeing some notice...
ppl start thinking only when they shed their ego...
whatay sleep that was!
what's worse than lazy noobs? conceited lazy noobs!!
TIL what the DRY priniciple is...
hai! nice new youtube... :)
write code - check. write report - check. commit code - not authorized to commit!! u kidding me??
report submitted! can go to sleep peacefully now... :)
just realized something. u'd have to enable the snapshot feature while creating the avd...
hic... i must somehow stop these hiccups. hic...
linux
oh. i use only froyo... never knew abt gingerbread...
best to use the avd manager as u r doing. when u create one, and click &quot;Start...&quot;, u'lll see the options. saw in some blog.
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: ://t.co/qiUlKVy
oh ok. just sharing the wikipedia link on him: ://t.co/qiUlKVy
googling about this problem would help u better...
have u heard abt sukumar prasad? he used to play carnatic music on guitar. no news of him for years. trying to find him...
it'll take time to close too. the next time when u launch the avd, remove the save to snapshot option as it is set the 1st time
it is usually slow the first time. b4 starting the avd, set the &quot;Save to snapshot&quot; and &quot;Launch from snapshot&quot; in avd manager
...and i hate eclipse too...
i HATE my AVD's...
there is more to this code than that meets the eye...
had a gut feeling that it will rain today. so it does! awesome!
argh! everything is so complicated!! life is full of dilemmas...
a mistake that i keep repeating is that i give preference to clean, reusable code even when time is running out.
lol. mishra seems to be the highest scorer after dravid in this innings. well played.
dravid top-edges bishoo to give mid-on a simple catch. that's the end of a v fine century and the indian innings...
dravid six!! u don't see that v often...
nice innings from mishra. sharma on strike now.
ouch! sammy tempts mishra with a loose delivery outside off. mishra simply cuts it, only for third man to collect the catch easily.
Facebook Connect Updated | Codechef: ://blog.codechef.com/2011/06/23/facebook-connect-updated/
and just when i was thinking that rampaul wasn't leaking runs, mishra hits him for 2 consecutive audacious fours!
50 run partnership between dravid and mishra now!
i just love ravi rampaul's bowling! makes the batsman earn every run...
yay!! dravid century!! awkward shot but still an awesome innings...
dravid nudges the last ball of the over to third-man to take a single. moves on to 99.
with a leg glance to mid-on, dravid takes a single to move on to 98 now...
dravid on 97 now...
why would i want to sleep during the night when an india test series gives me company?
wow!!
even my parents find the weather here in Chennai to be horrible. and by that, I mean that I am not fussing.
ah. it is v cool and pleasant in Chennai during night time... WITH THOSE AC's SWITCHED ON, OF COURSE!!!
oops! was referring to a wrong file now. names of files should differ by more than just one character...
i feel that dark themes appeal more to me than the light ones...
after a few weeks, i think i can say that fedora 15 with gnome 3 is worse than ubuntu 11.04 with unity...
that was one long nap! don't even remember at what time I dozed off b4 the comp...
what is the quickest way to invoke nautilus? i think Alt+F2-&amp;gt;.-&amp;gt;Enter
one koshtin. was symbian really bad?
feeling really comfortable about twitter only now . cos of twidge...
I am using twidge to tweet about it! lol. s://github.com/jgoerzen/twidge/wiki nice.
system slows down drastically while running firefox 5 on ubuntu...
no auto-complete in firefox 5 too! disappointed...
netbooks are just perfect! but mom doesn't allow me to install ubuntu in hers... :P
then go for a netbook! simple. :P
lol. according to me, laptops can't be replaced b4 2020.
ah! voice! the form of input i dislike the most. i'd look like a chatterbox while tweeting, won't be able to do personal stuff, etc
its difficult to hold tablets and type at full speed at the same time... it might not be as convenient as laptops.
i wouldn't want to use a desktop while sitting on the bed, sofa or anywhere outdoors. that's why laptops originated, right?
so, if tablets are going to be docked and worked with, using a manual keyboard, i'll still call it a laptop.
nothing beats the convenience of a manual keyboard and a screen which u don't have to hold, for long usage.
i thought u meant bigger size for convenient usage...
what is the difference between an oversized mobile phone that shrinks and a normal mobile phone?
what?? u say there'll be oversized mobile phones and they'll shrink. we already have them!
will an oversized mobile phone even fit in our pockets?/
by 2020?
lol. I am already on it for a long time. In fact, even my parents use dropbox...
why suddenly now? isn't Dropbox old and famous?
can i know how u built it? there isn't any for chrome yet.
usb consumes less power. power consumption for phone 2g&amp;lt;3g&amp;lt;wifi&amp;lt;wifi hotspot, i think.
sad fact is, it doesn't matter much, even if i do get hit by a bus... :P
stupid me. i have all along connected my android phone to comp thru usb to use the internet. just realized the portable hotspot feature now.
wow! just now realized that the spoj rank tracker on firefox was done by you!
TIL I learnt what Bus Factor is...
going through my project history on its blog now...
Kasab offers to share the menu card for long term jail inmates, with kanimozhi... #fakenews
fakenews
Awesome 3g speeds all of a sudden!
most of ur followers seem to be bots or unknown ppl, y r u even tweeting?? aale illaadhe kadaikku tea aatharaiya? :P
my bro is still a twitter noob. i think i'll troll him... :P
celebrating special days like father's day isn't about showing ur love on that day. it is to remind how u have to be always...
every day when I wake up, I search online news for the official release of gingerbread for my samsung galaxy ace...
which phone?
the ind vs eng test series promises to be awesome!
ian bell has always been underrated... awesome series for him!
rm -rf /* ?
my bro's on twitter finally. he registered long back but never tweeted. irony is, his name is his twitter handle: @adithya
AOL Hell: An AOL Content Slave Speaks Out &#171; News ://t.co/MxlXJcE via @thefastertimes
good morning tweeps! that was one hectic week. hoping to have a nice weekend...
i sure have earned my weekend this time!!
very difficult to code when mood out...
its split into 500, 2250 and 2250. 500 now.
yikes! seems citi accounts are being hacked and some gsoc students have lost their money! thankfully, i still have mine! headin to atm now!!
://yfrog.com/kjf8pkj windows... the real world is beyond.
I think i'll try my hands on photography soon...
my first purchase on flipkart...
which version? what's the problem?
Like the tweetdeck post widget on my home screen...
yeah. fb groups r awesome. I meant that fb apps hv a huge impact. not huge hit.
I get silly stuff on my news feed from some of them. need to go block them. they think everyone is so eager to knw wt they're upto
buzz includes gmail contacts. fb provides apps. and tht is a HUGE thing. but on fb, wtvr I post goes to ALL my friends n relatives
interesting stuff like videos and links. I want to find old friends n mantain contact. Not follow whatever they're upto.
Posting what u r upto right now,on fb feels like bragging,to me. I wud've followed u on twitter,if I hd been remotely interested in all tat
Why does tweetdeck show user details only in portrait view?
personally would like chrome browser to replace the android default browser on phones
i feel that the biggest competitor to chrome os or chrome browser on phones will be google itself, through android
I dunno which looks better: ubuntu 11.04 with macbuntu theme, fedora 15 with gnome 3, windows 7 or the chromium os i'm using right now...
nope
why don't u have a proper twitter dp yet?
don't ever to do a &quot;note to self&quot; on twitter. do a instead.
upgraded chrome to 12.0.742.100. hopefully i can play flash videos better now.
i have ALWAYS felt that chrome is better than firefox. i meant that shifting to firefox from chrome is almost impossible for me.
i will think of permanently switching over to firefox only if the address bar autocompletes what i'm typing.
lol. now it seems unfair, is it? ://t.co/SdiJnS3
no da. i really meant it. heading over to stackoverflow.com...
post ur queries at ://t.co/yyIRXXV :P
On a more serious note, I better get back to work.
Come on twitter! Give me more useless information for me waste time on.
feel like puking at windows start menu search. not working for months and no easy solution to it.
my twitter password has been changed to ******** (its hashed. so my original password might not have the same number of letters.) :P
yep. ://t.co/Q2Zndei
lol. what happened after that?
really wish that the next version of firefox autocompleted my url just like chrome...
why didn't headlines today do an extensive coverage about the issue before he died? plz take it up atleast now.
just a few more seconds for kate to get installed on windows...
what's their reason?
does searching on wikipedia help?
framework in what sense?
expected more from safari. not up to the mark...
this worked. ://t.co/kzhXIw0 just modified the solution in the first reply and it worked without a hitch.
recovered my Windows 7 at last, after a partial night-out!! Yay!! Triple booting Ubuntu 11.04, Fedora 15 and Windows 7 now!
Congrats!!
those guys are straining themselves to dig the road. they just don't realize that pouring something equivalent to rainwater will do the job.
://yfrog.com/kf1lkaj suspicious looking men digging up the road in the middle of the night, outside my home. traffic sign put up though
i know it has awesome specs but not an absolute must for coll goers like us. there'll be somethin btr when we start working.
of course, i meant that galaxy ace is awesome enough for me in my previous tweet...
galaxy s2 seems worth it only if u have a deep pocket. it is almost double the price of my galaxy ace which is awesome enough for me.
thanks anyway. i have been without windows for quite a few months. would be prefer a completely risk-free approach to recover.
yes. but no official upgrades for it in india yet. ://t.co/6Kz3VEy
have kinda heard abt it. of course, i replaced fedora's grub to ubuntu's grub2.
u got an iphone or are u in a showroom? how is the native twitter app?
i have no idea! :P i never spent time understanding what all that meant. just wanted to have the latest distro! :P
Why I love and hate having a smartphone - The Oatmeal ://t.co/cJNlrTW via @Oatmeal
lol. &quot;might&quot;? that makes me a bit scared to try...
Help required. How do I recover Windows 7 after Ubuntu and Fedora install? Exact problem here: ://t.co/uDyU6TF
go outside and close the door. :P :D
is this the end of scheduled powercuts?
i have started loving my project much much more, all of a sudden!! dunno why exactly though...
i rarely use torrents...
Setting up Kate snippets ://wp.me/pP4hy-2B
i think it means playing only for pride. there is not much else to win, once the series is lost.
am all set for a heavy nap this afternoon. slept late, woke up early. perfect.
awesome profile pic!
have u tried freecharge.in? i think its good. works fine for me everytime.
searching for &quot;macbuntu 11.04&quot; on google shows my blog as the 3rd option and searching for &quot;macbuntu on ubuntu 11.04&quot; shows it as the first!
I'm at Anna Centenary Library (Kotturpuram, Chennai) ://4sq.com/ljWKEL
exactly!
? so?
where old woodlands drive-in was. near gemini flyover. parents say it is near stella maries coll.
yep
Semmozhi poonga is okay... Not awesome or anything.
aaathaaaa!! naa pass aaaayiten!!!
lol. jus saw the account. Ippo enna panna pora?
I shifted to chrome the next day. :P Echofon is the best for ff. Love the side pane option.
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 3 ://wp.me/pP4hy-2p
wanted to watch Alice in Wonderland since a long time back. found it in bro's lappy today. sweet.
lol. no. its going to be Alice in Wonderland...
mood out. need something to distract myself...
exactly...
learning to play the guitar with the help of today's google doodle is the in-thing now...
after 3 days of breaking my head over a bug, i show my code to my mentor. he points it out in a few seconds...
pains with/without glasses. finding it difficult to adjust to it.
please headache.leave me alone,
sick or slick?
Maaveeran in tamil...
it hurts whatever power u have. u must be knowing that. been without glasses for almost a week now. strain.
Power back after 310 minutes...
4 hours 15 minutes now. Even college was better...
Alwarpet.
3 hours and 15 minutes without power now...
2 hours and 15 minutes. still no signs of power coming back...
maybe a leg count of 44,000
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 2 ://wp.me/pP4hy-2g
enough blogging for the day. planning to come up with more tomorrow. till then, good night tweeps.
Still don't believe me? ://wp.me/pP4hy-2f
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 1 ://wp.me/pP4hy-26
I remember the first time I came upon svn. I couldn't figure out what exactly it was, for quite a few days... :P
Understanding Wordpress for Android - Part 0: ://wp.me/pP4hy-24
ya. -0.5 in left eye. headache for the past few days...
gotta wear glasses from tomorrow... :(
Macbuntu in Ubuntu 11.04 ://wp.me/pP4hy-1V
is my excessive sleeping due to my current eye prob or has it become a habit or is it just laziness? can any of my medical friends clarify?
it used to be one hour earlier...
gah! that 2 hour powercut was irritating!
one more #kde application that I love: Basket!!
kde
back on twitter. nothing can stop me now.
Sad that almost everyone seems to support either one of the two sides, both without any credibility. #babavscong
babavscong
I don't trust any baba or godman.
Manmohan Singh needs a magic wand. U r not a street magician. U r the pm. Shows that u yourself r either inept or corrupt. Disgusting!
Tiwary evades the questions posed to him and runs away...
Dei, tiwary, answer those qsns by Jethmalani now!
and the week starts... #mondaymorningblues
mondaymorningblues
listening to music after so many days!
chennai's weather is no different from trichy's. :(
&quot;trust-me-jayabalan&quot; or &quot;trust me, jayabalan&quot; ? :P
what happened to me??
Some kids from US are so well behaved. But most are not. #sad #fact
sad
fact
So, do I have any more of these ill-mannered brat-from-US relatives?
Just got to know that Ganesh and Kumaresh are distance relatives of mine. :-)
sitting in a random park in bangalore and working on lappy. awesome weather too...
games!! Heavy games!!
Damn! I think must wear glasses now! :(
Ouch! Came to bangalore for a marriage. it seems the bride's dad passed away yday n marriage postponed!
so, did u actually send ur 1000th tweet to me?? :P ;)
that was development da. this is programming...
ouch! so out of touch that i am struggling to solve programming problems now... :(
Dunno whether to laugh or cry - &quot;Chinese teen sells his kidney for an iPad 2 - Telegraph ://t.co/UbFgrH3 &quot;
Government releases official yoga position to remove corruption: ://t.co/exQJfyP
Why Facebook is Scared of Twitter - ://t.co/37n6bbP
hurray! my code works properly now!!
I still can't believe that some ppl still trust this govt!! minister-steals-a-telephone-exchange-loots-bsnl: ://t.co/h6jnVhy
Oracle 'donates' OpenOffice.org to Apache foundation | ZDNet UK ://t.co/vQbWdzS
my first-ever screencast! :P ://youtu.be/WiA0CGh2UkE
can u make the Twitter id in the website linked to the twitter account and clickable?
dei, dk. when u r putting up a link, don't put a full stop immediately after it. twitter recognizes it as a part of that link!
not exactly. i made it a point to change my twitter background everyday. that's all.
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;After the Rain&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from ://TweetyGotBack.com
ouch! installed some random twitter background only to realize that, that site had spammed my twitter timeline too...
i live in alwarpet and it is raining here
and the rain starts! perfect weather.
woke up just now. looked up at the sky to find it absolutely dark at 4.30pm!!
Heavy lunch, warm weather, power cut, pleasant music... zzzzz...
yay! life is so much simpler now. i can code what i intended to do, now... #android
android
ah. now i realize that there is a compatibility library for older api versions, to implement fragments...
so badly want fragments and action bar to be back-ported to at least api level 8! would be so much easier to code then... #android
android
cool. jayalalitha saw me now. she must be privileged... :P
i am being plagued by something like this... s://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/compiz/+bug/778490
:D RT: @Aarthi_2410: toxic dose of ur thathuvam. Am already hyperventilating :-D
not yet. all the way, flags, banners and posters standing...
think tamilnadu CM Jayalalitha would be passing through the road, where my home is, today...
when u have an opportunity to do a good deed, do it. one of them might go a long way... #thathuvam
thathuvam
good morning tweeps. this is a fine morning...
ah! very tired now. gonna sleep early and wake up early. new habit from now on.
goodbye bad habits!
had a wonderful time with every1 during grandma's 80th birthday celebration!
Grandma's 80th bday celebration! (@ Matsya Restaurant) ://4sq.com/ipH10Y
I will RT this now. :P
Grandma's 80th star bday today. Returning home from kapaleeshwarar temple now.
yes. it did. :-)
Booked tatkal tickets with my #android thru #opera with #3g. #win
android
opera
3g
win
://yfrog.com/h0ls0dnj My new tshirt from :-)
Linus Renames 2.6.40 Kernel To Linux 3.0, Announces Release Candidate ://t.co/KOIPigt
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Garden Wallpaper&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from ://TweetyGotBack.com
yay! got my first t-shirt from now! looks great!
#ubuntu11.04 - #chrome.  #fedora15 - #firefox. #android - #opera.
ubuntu11
chrome
fedora15
firefox
android
opera
#opera on android is super awesome!
opera
went on a #firefox add-on download spree! sooo many add-ons now! yay!
firefox
of course, its obvious what it is. but why the underscore?
leaning towards #firefox more than #chrome now...
firefox
chrome
RT dai y did u change ur name??
ROFL! SO TRUE!! RT: @krishashok: Back after a break. Late night snack #tambrahmrage ://bit.ly/jP9K48 by and @krishashok
tambrahmrage
Good morning tweeps.
there! it crashed again!!
u kidding? my 11.04 keeps crashing at least 5 times in a day!! dunno y.
damn! #ubuntu! stop crashing!!
ubuntu
just had a epiphany! time to set my priorities right...
think i solved my problem of forgettin #topcoder #srm's. setup #google calendar to remind me thru emails, popups and #android notifications.
topcoder
srm
google
android
how abt applying for indian citizenship? :P ;)
Back home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Home) ://4sq.com/l2YweE
I just became the mayor of Anirudh's Home on @foursquare! ://4sq.com/jeoQbu
introducing my mom to #dropbox now. :-)
dropbox
At Grandparents' Home. :-) (@ Anirudh's Grandparents' Home) ://4sq.com/keBSg6
RT @lut4rp:  I'm not &quot;on&quot; twitter. It's asynchronous. If I get a notification and the message needs a reply, I will.
the more i use twitter, the less i use facebook...
#NowPlaying Shri Maha Ganapathe by Balaji Shankar - Abhogi Raagam - Kanda Chapu Thaalam
NowPlaying
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Moonlit Meadow&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from ://TweetyGotBack.com
this is more complex than i thought...
accidental power nap! :P
no dhoni for WI tour...
i always seemed to like #firefox #addons more than #chrome #extensions. the way chrome displays its extensions doesn't appeal to me...
firefox
addons
chrome
extensions
time for an haircut...
good morning tweeps! feels great to have parents back at home!!
yeah! but i keep missing almost every srm!
HATE MYSELF!! missed registering for today's #topcoder #srm today too! was watching csk bash rbc around...
topcoder
srm
any luck with ur phone? tried &quot;Wheres My Droid&quot; ?
lol. I don't think I've ever recorded a video from this phone. Never thought about it. :-P
galaxy ace s5830. Really good.
my first salary is still sleeping in my gsoc atm withdrawal card. badly want to get something BIG for my parents with my first salary...
not everyone does.
u there at #rubyconfindia?
rubyconfindia
what about Settings-&amp;gt;About phone ?
some lady complaining on a news channel that gold prices are too high for middle class ppl like her. y buy gold then?? #showoff
showoff
lol! Ha ha!
Wow! mobile.twitter.com is awesome!
meant that too under editor... :P RT: @batusaix911: or like an IDE :D
life is like a text editor. u may not like what u have, but u can always customize it to be the way u like it... #thathuvam
thathuvam
this article might convince you. ://www.androidtapp.com/wheres-my-android/
i think the default text msg is &#8220;Wheres my Droid&#8221;. u might want to be there in the location before msging.
of course, i mean installing through web. ://bit.ly/jElUjm
i am trying to say that u can install it now too, through the android market. u wouldn't have to confirm at the other end...
I'm one of the first in line for the &quot;One Page Twitter Dashboard&quot; from #TwitSprout. Join me  ://t.co/GgTLq6j via @TwitSprout
TwitSprout
seems that #mci delhi is heading towards the same scenario as that of mci chennai. good start, then becoming absolutely boring...
mci
y don't u check?
i just followed 4 guys who were tweeting about #mci delhi. my timeline is full of their tweets now... :P
mci
just when i was thinking whether my eyes were tricking me into believing that the twitter details pane was thinner... ://tnw.co/jWI2U6
s://market.android.com/details?id=com.alienmanfc6.wheresmyandroid
u can install Where is my Droid through the market place onto your phone and make it ring...
no kung fu panda tickets available in satyam for tomorrow. inox website not working properly...
i can't believe that is following me on twitter!! feel so honored...
when u r not hungry but still want to munch on something, don't go for junk food. try munching green bean sprouts instead. #healthytweets
healthytweets
lol. he won't read my tweets da. don't worry. :P
The Da Vinci Code was running on Sony Pix now. The poor direction reminded me of Sachin's poor captaincy in yday's match...
no da. am trying out new themes daily. tweeting abt them so that my followers can try them out too...
i completely forgot that i have an extra white panel for my mobile! i think i will try it out now...
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Rectangles&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from ://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps. have a great saturday!
yeah. remastered ubuntu. ://www.oslike.se/
googling about macbuntu might help. most of those sites have screenshots...
yes, it did! sadly macbuntu doesn't seem to available for ubuntu 11.04 yet. i think those guys are making it a fork of ubuntu.
and of course, for the mac experience, i was using macbuntu on my ubuntu 10.10 for a few months... :P
btw, i haven't attempted recovering Windows in my lappy. Windows7 doesn't figure in my bootloader. not interested in it either.
lol. I downloaded Chromium OS a few months back and installed it on my pendrive and tried it. :P don't use it much though...
no no. I had Eclipse in Fedora 14. Now have it in Ubuntu 11.04. overwrote Fedora 14 with 15. So, downloading Eclipse for 15...
i think i'll just download eclipse and android sdk in fedora 15 too, to be safe. will be my download for the night...
i think i'll be done with my work by tomorrow morning. gonna sleep now. gotta wake up early tomorrow.
#guake looks very nice in #fedora 15...
guake
fedora
@dorait: any tech meetups this weekend in chennai? been a long time since I attended any. dunno where exactly to find...
did u have a look at samsung galaxy ace s5830? i think it is pretty good. ~15k. worth every penny.
good night. :)
i think u were waiting for such an opportunity to tweet about, throughout the tournament! :P
has firefox plugin-finder service EVER found adobe flash plugin? i think not. #firefox4
firefox4
why are the firefox guys so keen on maintaining space for the title bar? would like it be how it is, in chrome. #firefox4
firefox4
browser is where twitter is... #echofon #firefox4
echofon
firefox4
sadly twitter.com is crashing even in chromium... #fedora15
fedora15
although i might want csk to face mi, i think rcb deserves to get into the finals, more... #ipl
ipl
frankly saying, MI must produce such a performance today, to make the world believe that it deserves to get into the finals. #ipl
ipl
sometimes, major decisions in life might be based just on small reasons... #thathuvam. like changing browsers, for example...
thathuvam
gnome3 might not be perfect, but #fedora did the right thing by moving to gnome3 if they wanted to stand upto ubuntu and compete. good job!
fedora
#gnome3 looks good. but cannot say that it is very customizable...
gnome3
that's strange! twitter.com keeps crashing in chrome fedora 15...
ani who? me?? i dont even have windows on my system since february!
100th century at Lords would be the best!!
lol. no right click almost everywhere!! #gnome3 #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
typical. firefox occupies more screen space than necessary in #gnome3. #fedora15
gnome3
fedora15
fedora 15 is good. i like it. :)
tweeting from fedora 15 &quot;Lovelock&quot; live cd. gnome 3... i think i'll take it.
downloaded #fedora 15 once again! hope it works properly this time...
fedora
some #kde programs that #gnome might never be able to beat: kate, yakuake and k3b.
kde
gnome
the Jura mountains in Switzerland.
#lessinterestingbooks Bored Ultimatum
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks Harry Potter and the Bengal Prince
lessinterestingbooks
#lessinterestingbooks  Harry Potter and the Prisoners of Tihar
lessinterestingbooks
Just applied a new Twitter theme called &quot;Daytime Daffodil&quot; to my profile, take a look! Got it from ://TweetyGotBack.com
good morning tweeps!
I earned the Lone Wolf sticker on @GetGlue! ://bit.ly/kyC9ft
proteinex is the best!
RT Awesome free ebook of startup wisdom from Hiten Shah, Noah Kagan, Patrick McKenzie and others ://bit.ly/MicroConf2
Anirudh S looted a cool item at ://t.co/Y7Vo6bE 0 ago
wow! that sure would be superb!
lol. my coll's curriculum is pathetic! the teaching is worse... just passion to write code drives us forward...
sure. right now or long term? i study at nit trichy. 3rd year btech comp sci. right now working on the app... :P
yeah. working on the existing android app of wordpress...
AAAAND... ITS MY 1000TH TWEET!! 4 figures. ;) &quot;dedicate&quot; it to my amma - - the best mom in the whole world!!
some stats: 50% download of fedora 15 over. today is my mom's star bday. this is my 999th tweet. ;)
kinda yes. dunno what to plan...
dunno. parents wouldn't be at home...
would like a tweeple meetup at chennai. would be fun! any1 up for it?
thanks da. :)
the starter kit contains a pen, some documents to be read, a cute notebook and the prepaid card... #gsoc
gsoc
yay! got my google summer of code starter kit now ! :-)
wait. when did fedora 15 stable get released? @kadithya: u know?
klout is cool. i like it. @klout
just had tomato soup made my grandma! was awesome! perfect for this weather...
very cloudy here. might rain later in the day... :)
wow! awesome weather at chennai today!
good morning tweeps. will be working the whole day today...
timeline problem - Twitter Status ://t.co/tbMoSRo via @twitter
still not able to recover my timeline... what is going on??
what just happened? my timeline disappeared! #twitter
twitter
want a a csk vs mi finals this year too. after all, noone would mind losing to SRT. of course, i'd expect csk to win! #ipl #csk #whistlepodu
ipl
csk
whistlepodu
why would ravi shastri have to carry his personal computer along with him to tweet? he can always tweet from his mobile. #ipl
ipl
why should I implement a GridView? I can as well implement nested Linear Layouts if i know how many elements i'm using...  #android
android
whattacatch! #whattaman #srt
whattaman
srt
just received 2 coupons for discount of 100Rs on Inkfruit t-shirts, through freecharge. can i use both coupons on the same tshirt?
omg. just now woke up after a loooooong sleep.
ok
cycling in the evening. will check availability of movie tickets.
ya. some1 online.
hard-fought draw! feels great after being on the brink of losing...
must be greater in size or space than what's allowed...
y don't u have a proper twitter dp?
if u already haven't bought an inkfruit tee #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
if u r gonna tweet just to win free t-shirts #wecanttalk
wecanttalk
in my college, comp sci subjects are taught better in other depts like EEE and ICE. sad. and would agree...
neatly explained solution for second shortest path. ://bit.ly/mIJXwk
wow! linux using javascript! ://bellard.org/jslinux/
feel like going through topcoder algorithm tutorials now...
and how is it that i have never come upon this? it is just awesome!  ://oeis.org/
this is good. ://jlongster.com/s/dom3d/ lags a bit in my browser though...
&quot;The distance between two points on a sphere will be proportional to the chord connecting them.&quot; hmmm...
://groups.google.com/group/algogeeks is the link. u can join the group if u r interested. (a li'l spammy though)
solution didn't exceed expectations. typical O(log n) solution only. but one nice obsvn. not considering leading zeros. so n always odd...
reading a discussion on finding whether the binary representation of a number is a palindrome or not...
ubuntu mouse pointer lag hurts... painful to see it move across slowly...
so, i guess i'll go read those mails for the next one hour... #algogeeks
algogeeks
abt 550 mails in my mailbox under the label algogeeks. been filtering and storing them for a long time without reading them properly...
is planning to go on a tweet spree soon. mobile followers, if any, please be warned...
nothing motivates me better than failure! let the coding begin...
damn! so close to submitting solution to 500 problem! #topcoder
topcoder
&quot;error: declaration of &#128;&#152;std::vector&amp;lt;coin&amp;gt; coins&#128;&#153; shadows a parameter&quot; - very helpful. thank u! #sarcasm
sarcasm
when was the last time i saw dawn??
there! this is my twitter theme for the day.
I just rated 9 Superhero Movies using How many can you rate? ://bit.ly/kEVgGy
am thinking of getting myself a t-shirt from seems good...
feel good to wake up early! especially this early!!
it feels funny when u sleep for long and wake up at the time when u usually go to sleep daily...
32 degrees C. chennai alwarpet.
some guy in my timeline retweeted stuff from microsoft about windows phone and all that... immediately unfollowed him.
lol. i AM planning to... :P
wow! that was awesome! my new cycle is very comfortable, i must say! exceeded my expectations. full 10 out of 10!
time to go cycling! :-)
almost dozed while watching tv... i dont even remember what i was watching... back to work.
RT @cricinfo_news: Anand Ramachandran on the awesomeness of Chris Gayle | Page 2 | ESPN Cricinfo ://t.co/hDMJorf
interested in learning magic tricks? watch Indrajit Murali in sri sankara channel at 1pm on weekdays. he's really good...
i'd say zaheer khan instead of bollinger or praveen kumar...
gotta resume working now...
yay! connected to the internet thru ubuntu!!
my ubuntu not connecting to my wireless connection even after multiple restarts. dunno why...
y isnt my internet connection working???
want to put the netbook at home to good use. any suggestions?
changed my twitter background after a looong time. feels fresh and different now. must remember to do it often...
to sleep or not to sleep? irritated that code isn't working. not sleepy either...
very misleadingly titled article...
Rahul Gandhi
i think u look the same even now! (tat foto)
dhoni can't do anything wrong today! de villiers goes... #ipl #csk
ipl
csk
peanut butter
t-shirt or shirt?
Get free coupons with every mobile recharge ://t.co/y7HgnEJ via @freechargein
dmk complains that Rebecca Black was responsible for their 2nd successive horrible friday. makes &quot;tgif&quot; taboo within party.
yeah! me too.
if they had been THAT brave enough, they would have surrendered on their own...
i dedicate my 900th tweet to @simulation! he's my dad and he's fun to follow on twitter...
now plz shut that stupid channel down...
news channels...
for all those who pronounce kanimozhi as kanimoli or kanimoyi, this is the way to do it. ://vocaroo.com/?media=vmXAMIUIrhbl6CGWr
i think i might move over permanently from vlc to banshee for music...
Support #Android, add a #twibbon now! - ://twb.ly/3c9veB - Create one here - ://twb.ly/f02AU3
Android
twibbon
Support #WordPress, add a #twibbon now! - ://twb.ly/6HK8am - Create one here - ://twb.ly/f02AU3
WordPress
twibbon
I earned the Check-in Rookie sticker on @GetGlue! ://bit.ly/llWuUm
I just rated 12 Animation Movies using How many can you rate? ://bit.ly/j5eVSr
i dont think i'll have a use for fedora anymore... installed eclipse, adt plugin and other necessary stuff in ubuntu 11.04...
I earned the Addon Adhesive sticker on @GetGlue! ://bit.ly/mkJWL2
tweetdeck, where's my droid, barcode scanner and maybe gmote too...
u can try chromed bird for tweeting. it has an url shortener within it too...
Sir, if you can click the reply button every time u reply to someone's tweet, we wud know in what context, ur tweet is in. Thanks.
A letter to Rahul Vinci (&quot;Rahul Gandhi&quot;) s://www.facebook.com/topic.php?uid=111552515531825&amp;topic=924
thank you @twitvim!! this is really awesome!
I can now tweet from vim!! Awesome!
anirudh24seven
do u mean gilly and marsh?
of course!! :)
we can get our phones upgraded from Froyo to Gingerbread. i.e. Android 2.2 to Android 2.3
of course, it'll happen only later for India...
Did u hear the news? Gingerbread Promised for Galaxy Devices by End of May ://bit.ly/m1oCOF
decided that i'll sleep throughout the morning and afternoon on weekdays and do a night-out daily. can't stand the summer heat...
for every arbit tweet that i see, i am unfollowing that person. feels good to keep my timeline clean...
yeah. saw those &quot;scenarios&quot; article on cricinfo? they haven't updated it after yday's match though...
oops! lol. yeah... even i want bangalore to lose...
he knows that no total can be small enough for gayle. smart playing... #gilly
gilly
planning to install a lot of chrome extensions...
oh. 21st of this month? will check the invitation for the exact location now. am coming...
how abt ://theme.wordpress.com/themes/clean-home/ ?
my work is related to d UI. existing app has an old style interface which is not v intuitive. trying to make it more easy to use
if u r usin twitter through twitter.com, u'll usually see &quot;# new tweets received&quot; which u'd have to click. this eliminates tat
modifying the existing wordpress android app...
cool. :)
Auto refresh twitter - Chrome Extension. u ppl might like it. ://bit.ly/eKMPnG
wow! @HowStuffWorks's android app is awesome!
9-5? which day of the week? i'm having daily power cut from 11 to 11.45...
Mini idly and masal dosai at grand sweets. :) (@ Grand Sweets) ://4sq.com/kgN4D4
maybe its an Apple-sponsored attack to make the masses believe that iPhone is indeed popular... #facebook #spam
facebook
spam
will unfollowing constitute fair play?
i judged a book by its cover and i turned out to be right ! :P
what a wonderful morning! forced myself to wake up. am all eager to visit the koturpuram library today... have a great day tweeple!
of course! very true...
they are responsible for powercuts, water shortages and bad roads. it affects everyone. that's why we vote...
now, the question is, &quot;who will become the opposition leader?&quot; gabdun or mk ?? #tnelections
tnelections
Facebook admits hiring PR firm to smear Google ://t.co/yn44TPh via @engadget
://brooksreview.net/2011/05/ballmer/ Can anyone challenge these views?
BREAKING NEWS: Mother's day celebrated again in TN, 5 days after original Mother's day! #amma #tnelections
amma
tnelections
both the major parties promised freebies... and one is leading. is it still a snub? i think ppl still want freebies...
which constituency? mylapore?
depends on how many seats his party manages to win... :P
do u know abt mylapore? how can i find out?
lol. ://gabeswebsite.com/images/funny/wrestle.gif
not so disappointed though. got the 500 right. whew! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
read the qsn wrong for 250. thought that final configuration was given n was asked to calculate the initial config. #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
me! me! me too!RT @ashwinjagadeesh: Anyone else feeling ashamed to say rahul gandhi an indian?
gaaaah!! made a mistake in my solution! damn!! #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
intermission phase now... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
if it is c++, then i think ://cplusplus.com/reference/stl/ can help u a lot...
why's that?
lol. only 15 submissions for the 1000 pt problem so far... #topcoder #srm
topcoder
srm
i HATE youtube!!
u seem to be in a good mood. guess what i had for dinner now. :D (u'll surely love it if u try it!)
why is  ://developer.android.com/videos/index.html down? shows a 404: Not Found error!
wow!! i was just searching for the same thing!! thanks!
wikipedia did say thru twitter that there might be some problems, right?
i was all excited about google music beta and requested an invitation! only to find that the service was available only in the US... :'-(
Want to watch the keynote speech by live streaming. But leaving for a movie now. :-( #io2011
io2011
never realized that if u enclose text with * in gchat, it appears in bold. for example, *hello* will make hello appear as bold... #gchat
gchat
haha. i &quot;dedicate&quot; my 800th tweet to you with this reply!!
oh. never realized that i am already close to 800 tweets... this is easy :P
there can't be a new TR-rage... cos he's already T 'RAGE'ndar...
i think i am so getting used to working from home... :P hope that the habit doesn't continue when i get a job...
#chatzilla is my favorite irc client...  the only reason i have got firefox running on my comp, actually...
chatzilla
bad luck. my q&amp;a session with the #wordpress community has been scheduled to 10.30pm today. wud be in satyam watching Ko with family. #gsoc
wordpress
gsoc
yuvraj with ganguly now... :)
videos are always an awesome way to learn stuff.
wonders why gtug chennai doesn't have a twitter account yet...
when hasn't Microsoft tried that?
ganguly's strike rate is 0, right now... #ipl4
ipl4
want to follow all google sites on twitter? here is the link... ://www.google.com/intl/en/press/twitter-directory.html
rightly said! :)
wish twitter provided some badges... or wait! is twitter awesome because it doesn't do all that??
my thoughts exactly !! :P
machi. just noticed that you have more followers than following!! #celebrity da nee! @Satish_NR
celebrity
i think i might reach 800 tweets by today...
thanks! :)
myself, sriram, sagar sumit and nivash went through a few rounds but didn't get it. not sure about nivash...
feels that most of my college mates cannot stop bragging about their internships on facebook... grow up ppl! what say ?
Lunch over. Was good. :-)
for that he should try. We shouldn't try... :P
lol. No no. the talks on #android apps r usually awesome... #io2011
android
io2011
everyone is capable of everything. What we do determines who we are... #thathuvam
thathuvam
acquisition of skype by microsoft confirmed... :(
gotta have lunch now. will maybe tweet from my mobile then... :P
wish that the Action Bar widget was available for #android versions &amp;lt; 3.0 too...
android
the more you learn, the more you can think and come up with better ideas... #knowledge #thathuvam
knowledge
thathuvam
i haven't downloaded google chrome 11 on my fedora yet, just because i don't like the logo... :P
nice to see that you are still concerned about the indian education system. i gave up long ago...
and while you are it, you can check out the actual #io2011 website too... ://www.google.com/events/io/2011/ #google #awesome
io2011
google
awesome
going for 'ko' nightshow at satyam today... #ko
ko
what if i can't go to #io2011 ? i'll live stream it or look at it online later... :)
io2011
wonder why gmail every time seemingly seems to be loading something for a loooong time while nothing is actually loaded... #gmail
gmail
love the android app for google i/o 2011... looks awesome! ://bit.ly/knyOMt check out the screenshots! #io2011
io2011
i think i shall start tweeting...
lol at @RajivMakhni's remark that its sad tat mobile manufacturers haven't yet come up with a phone for ppl who can't use one of their hands
can u summarize what is different in this year's contest from last year? i want to know before i get into it...
u r a chennaiite if u r tweeting about #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
if u can't finish ur dinner at a restaurant, ask the waiter to 'pack' it... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
anyone living in sowcarpet is a settu... #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
always quote half of ur intended price to auto drivers. they are sure to double it. #goldenrulesofchennai
goldenrulesofchennai
ah! that feeling of satisfaction when ur mom hands u cold coffee at home... #priceless
priceless
To kapaleeshwarar temple now, with family. :-)
i want an awesome reminder app for android. free app, of course. any suggestions?
it is just awesome!! my default twitter client on mobile. extremely user-friendly! #tweetdeck
tweetdeck
it would. one might never know when he'd be armed again and destroy countless lives again...
sleeeeepy... want to replace my broken ubuntu with something proper b4 going to sleep. found that 11.04 wasn't to my liking.
disappointed and disgusted with  #natty... #unity
natty
unity
counter-intuitive,unnecessarily takin up valuable screen space,flashy enuf to please all kids.congrats ubuntu! u sure have dug ur own grave.
damn! I didn't da... :-( semma flop. I didn't even meet ht ma'am as senior couldn't contact me due to some mobile problem... :-(
dravid's wicket would cheer up randiv after being slammed around by him...
@Messidk90: think its time that you learnt that its 'loser' and not 'looser'. u r gonna be a final year student soon... @Satish_NR
gotta start packing now... sigh... #boring
boring
yay! exams over! spending time on learning more vim stuff now... #vim #fun
vim
fun
guess so...
listening to Sambho Siva Sambo now...
now playing PuliUrumudhu. in the mood for loud, noisy songs now...
Damn! RT No undue sympathy to students falling short on attendance: Court ://bit.ly/km8cJm
an experienced user like u had to search for the terminal! that's just bad. #unity
unity
://t.co/W73ex9F For those who are still fans of #ubuntu, 11.04 has been released. #unity
ubuntu
unity
I remember celebrating the release of 10.10 not long ago. I dont even feel like trying 11.04 though...
Worm horror in Subway chicken sandwich ://t.co/sVN6Wlc
Softlinks vs. Hardlinks: A Quick Explanation | Techthrob.com ://j.mp/k7iSek via @AddToAny
great to have you back on twitter !
i dont think i'd want an ipad at any point of my life. #ipad2 #india
ipad2
india
Big shoutout to all fellow hackers . Be there at 'Triggr The Mobile' on 14th May 2011, Noida ://triggr.in #triggr @triggrin
gooooooooooooooooooood

